21
Using nginx rewrite to hide or clean URLs?

>

> Greetings.

>

> I've been trying to grok regexes and rewrites but i'm a newbie at it. I have
a simple site, one dir only, all i want is to rewrite
domain.com/file.php?var=value to domain.com, making sure the user will only
see domain.com in the adress bar throughout site navigation (even if i start
making the site more complex).

>

> Simply speaking it's freezing the url, although if the site grow's i'd
rather make some "clean url" approach but i'm still at basic php and i sense
i'd have to rtfm on http/1.1


nginx,rewrite
28
extend a abstract base class w/o source recompilation?

>

> ignore this, i thought of a workaround involving header generation. It isnt
the nicest solution but it works. This question is to weird to understand.
Basically i want to call a virtual function that hasnt been declared in the
lib or dll and use it as normal (but have it not implemented/empty func).

>

> I have an abstract base class in my library. All my plugins inherit from it,
the user plugin inherits from this class and his application uses this class
as a plugin pointer. I want that user to be able to extend the class and add
his functions. The problem is, I am sure if he adds a virtual function and try
to call it, the code will crash due to my objects not having the extra data in
its vtable. How can I work around that? I thought of inheriting it but that
would lead to ugly problems when a 3rd user comes to play. I dont want him to
typecast to send the extended functions.

>

> I was thinking of a msg function like intptr_t sendMsg(enum msgName, void*
argv); But that removes the safty and I'd need to typecast everything. Whats
the best solution for this? I would much rather use vtables then use a sendMsg
function. How can I work around this?


c++
30
AJAX https POST requests using jquery fail in Firefox

>

> I have a simple list of records in an HTML table with a delete link for each
row. The delete link shoots off an AJAX post request to a fixed url that looks
like: "`/delete/record/5`"

>

> The AJAX request is created using jquery's `.ajax()` call with a POST
message when running on a server that uses https. This call fails in Firefox 3
on OSX/Windows architectures. It works on all other browsers I've tested
(OSX/Windows: Chrome, Safari, IE7.)

>

> The requests are coming from an https site and going to the same https site.
But I think somewhere during the process the original request starts off as
http and there is a redirect attempt on our server to send it from http->https
and Firefox rejects that redirect as some type of forgery.

>

> Has anyone had experience doing `.ajax()` JQuery calls on an https site with
Firefox? I notice something odd where if the request has "`?var=xxx`"
arguments in the URL, the request seems to work more often then if it does not
have those variables.


jquery,ajax,firefox,firefox-3
35
Is learning VIM worth the effort?

>

> As a programmer I spend a lot of hours at the keyboard and I've been doing
it for the last 12 years, more or less. If there's something I've never gotten
used to during all this time, it's these annoying and almost unconscious
constant micro-interruptions I experience while coding, due to some of the
most common code editing tasks. Things like a simple copy & paste from a
different line (or even the same line), or moving 1 or 2 lines up or down from
the current position require too much typing or involve the use of the arrow
keys ...and it gets worse when I want to move further - I end up using the
mouse. Now imagine this same scenario but on a laptop.

>

> I've always considered learning VIM but the amount of time needed to master
it has always made me want to step back.

>

> I'd like to hear from people who have learnt it and if it ends up being one
of those things you cannot live without.

>

> At work, I use VS2008, C# and R#, which together make editing code a lot
faster and easier than ever, but even so I think I could enjoy not having to
use the mouse at all.

>

> And not even the arrow keys.


vim,editor,productivity
20
__FILE__, __LINE__, and __FUNCTION__ usage in C++

>

> Presuming that your C++ compiler supports them, is there any particular
reason not to use `__FILE__`, `__LINE__` and `__FUNCTION__` for logging and
debugging purposes?

>

> I'm primarily concerned with giving the user bad data due - for example,
reporting the incorrect line number or function as a result of optimization -
or taking a performance hit as a result.

>

> Basically, can I trust `__FILE__`, `__LINE__` and `__FUNCTION__` to do the
right thing all the time?


c++,preprocessor
43
Is there a "preprocessor" symbol corresponding to the /unsafe flag?

>

> I'm dealing with a WriteableBitmap in C#. I'm currently using an unsafe code
block to directly access the pixels via WriteableBitmap.BackBuffer. I'd rather
not depend on the /unsafe option, however, so I'm considering using
WriteableBitmap.WritePixels instead.

>

> Is there some way of conditionally compiling in the "unsafe" version such
that it can be used when the /unsafe option for compilation was used, without
requiring manual integration into my project file?

>

> In short I'm looking for something along the lines of:

>  
>     >     #if UNSAFE

>        //my unsafe version

>     #else

>        //the supposedly safe version goes here

>     #endif

>  
>

> Detection at runtime is nice too; but that means I always need to compile
_with_ /unsafe, and that means the library code would require project file
updates, which is less handy.

>

> Basically, I want to keep the fast version for when it matters, but have a
reasonable version that just works no matter what.


c#,wpf,preprocessor,unsafe
36
Executable Jars running very slowly

>

> I've done several projects and packaged them into jar files, but I've
noticed that my jar files run much more slowly than in my IDE.

>

> I use Eclipse to compile and run my programs. In Eclipse, I have everything
working. When I package my project as a runnable Jar and execute it by double-
clicking, everything still works. But when I have animation, the program runs
_extremely_ slowly. Instead of 30 frames per second in Eclipse, I now get
about 2 frames per second. The animation is very laggy.

>

> Interesting thing is, when I run the same Jar from the command prompt (`java
-jar MyCode.jar`), the lag disappears and my program works as normal.

>

> I currently have no idea what's causing this problem. My computer is running
Windows Vista. I'm using the latest version of JRE and JDK. My program
contains an animation, nothing fancy.

>

> Thanx

>

> **Solution:** There were several different versions of Java on my computer
and an incorrect version was used.


java,performance,windows-vista,jar,executable-jar
30
How can I format an entire source tree in Eclipse 3.4 (Ganymede)?

>

> The obvious thing to do would be to:

>

>     1. Right-click on the folder that you wish to format.

>     2. Source > Format

>

> Expected results:  
>  - All java code in the directory and subdirectories are formatted (using
the project specific formatting settings)

>

> Actual results:  
>  - None of the java is formatted.

>

> While we're at it, how can we do a batch clean up operation in Eclipse?  
>  From editor, I Right-click > Source > Clean Up, but I can only do one file
at a time.


eclipse
35
Painless integration of Eclipse with Vim?

>

> Has anyone managed to get Vim integrated into Eclipse painlessly? I just
want to use Vim for the editor while retaining the general Eclipse interface.
I have tried using Eclim plugin but the editor seemed to crash more often than
work (the site said that the editor replacement functionality is still beta).

>

> On the flip side, is there any IDE which matches Eclipse's functionality--
mainly the integration with SVN, ant, etc.--and is also able to use Vim?

>

> I mostly use eclipse for SAS SCL, Java and Javascript programming and find
the eclipse editor too "mouse-y".

>

> I'd also like, in a perfect world, to use vimdiff as a diff viewer for SVN
(we use TortoiseSVN) while checking for diffs or conflicts during merge etc. I
admit I havent spent a lot of time trying to get these things to work. I feel
guilty about spending too much time on potential wild-goose-chases while my
other team members are working away at their code, perfectly content with all
that Eclipse has to offer.

>

> Edit: Just found this while desperately browsing around: [Vim
plugin](http://vimplugin.org/). Any experience using this? From the claims on
the site, it sounds perfect.


eclipse,vim,plugins
11
Group Totals in SPGridView

>

> When I group items in a SPGridView using the GroupField property the
grouping works great but the total row count does not show up like in a
standard SharePoint list. Usually SharePoint will display the count next to
the group in parenthesis (i.e. Group 1 (5)). Is there a way to enable this
functionality.


c#,.net,sharepoint,spgridview
22
How can I print intermediate results from a pipeline to the screen?

>

> **Duplicate <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/570984/how-can-i-gzip-
standard-in-to-a-file-and-also-print-standard-in-to-standard-out>**

>

> I'm trying to count the lines from a command and I'd also like to see the
lines as they go by. My initial thought was to use the `tee` command:

>  
>     >     complicated_command | tee - | wc -l

>  
>

> But that simply doubles the line count using GNU `tee` or copies output to a
file named `-` on Solaris.


linux,bash,shell,tee
36
EC2 automation tools / strategies?

>

> What tools or strategies are you using for automation of EC2 activities?

>

> I need to be able to bring up a number of EC2 instances, provision various
software to it (primarily Python packages), interact with S3 (primarily
download data), and run various jobs. I'll be doing this both on-demand and on
a scheduled basis.

>

> I'm trying to decide if I should:

>

>     * Create an AMI with all my software loaded on it or

>     * Launch a plain vanilla linux AMI instance and scp my software to it

>

> For the provisioning and automation [Boto](http://code.google.com/p/boto/)
looks pretty good. Or I could write something with
[Paramiko](http://www.lag.net/paramiko/). Recommend either or anything else I
should be looking it?

>

> Basically I'm looking for advice / success stories, let me know what's
working for you.


amazon-s3,amazon-ec2
56
Referencing a platform-specific library from a non-specific .NET app

>

> I often need to include little bits of native code in my C# apps, which I
tend to do via C++/CLI. Usually I just need to use a C++ library for which
there exists no good alternative for .NET; but sometimes performance is a
factor too.

>

> This is problematic; doing so means adding a reference to a specific x86 or
x64 library. Most libraries support both 64-bit and 32-bit compilation, or
require only minor modifications to work under 64-bit. However, I can only
reference _one_ of the versions from a particular C# project build target.
That means I need to add several build targets by hand for every project in
the solution.

>

> VS.NET is extremely unhelpful in this case: If you add a C++ library and C#
library to the same solution, and the C# and C++ libraries have both 32 and 64
bit targets, your solution will contain an "Any CPU" target, a "Mixed
Platforms" target, a x64 target, a x86 target (which is what C# calls 32-bit),
a win32 target (which is what C++ calls 32-bit), and maybe more; all in at
least two versions (being Release and Debug, unless you've added more).

>

> This get's messy fast, and for no good reason. The obvious behaviour
shouldn't be that tricky: if I have a C# project referencing a C++ project,
then it should be somewhat obvious that the 64-bit version should reference
the 64-bit version, and similarly for 32-bits.

>

> The worst part of it all is that all this results in two separate but
identical executables: a Any CPU .NET project can work unmodified in both 32
and 64 bit modes, but I've not found a way to load the appropriate platform
specific supporting libraries depending on the mode the app was started in.

>

> To summarize this long ramble:

>

>     * Is it possible to make working with VS on cross-platform apps less of
a pain - to get it to add the appropriate references to the appropriate build
targets without hand-holding?

>     * Is there a simple way to make a .NET executable with platform-specific
references that can run both in 32-bit and 64-bit mode, loading the
appropriate assemblies as needed?


.net,c++,visual-studio,cross-platform,platform-specific
13
API to Login Windows user

>

> I would like to programmatically login another windows user in interactive
mode. I've created new Windows user account and would like to switch system to
that account without of user interaction.

>

> Could you please point me to some API commands or MSDN pages? Thanks


windows,security,accounts
39
OOD: trouble identifying objects

>

> This should be a simple one.

>

> Let's say I'm designing a very simple timeclock application. The user enters
his ID, and the application shows him his hours for the week, hours for the
day, and then allows him to punch in our out. It is smart enough to know
whether an employee is currently punched in. No breaks or lunch or shifts or
anything.

>

> So I've got an Employee. I've got a Timecard which has multiple
EventRecords. I've got a Timeclock which of course maintains the time, but is
also sort of the front end to the whole model (perhaps).

>

> Should the Employee have a Timecard, or should the Timecard reference an
Employee?

>

> Should the Timecard be responsible for calculating hours for the day, etc?

>

> Should the Timeclock be responsible for instantiating Employees and
Timecards and relating them?

>

> Should the Timeclock do punchIn and punchOut, or should the Employee?


oop
50
Downloading large files reliably in PHP

>

> I have a php script on a server to send files to recipents: they get a
unique link and then they can download large files. Sometimes there is a
problem with the transfer and the file is corrupted or never finishes. I am
wondering if there is a better way to send large files

>

> Code:

>  
>     >     $f = fopen(DOWNLOAD_DIR.$database[$_REQUEST['fid']]['filePath'],
'r');

>     while(!feof($f)){

>         print fgets($f, 1024);

>     }

>     fclose($f);

>  
>

> I have seen functions such as

>  
>     >     http_send_file

>     http_send_data

>  
>

> But I am not sure if they will work.

>

> What is the best way to solve this problem?

>

> Regards  
>  erwing


php,download
320
JSON Parse Error using FLEX and PHP

>

> I am using JSON to parse data and connect to a PHP file. I am not sure what
the problem is because I am a newbie to flex. This is the error I am
receiving:

>  
>     >     JSONParseError: Unexpected < encountered

>         at com.adobe.serialization.json::JSONTokenizer/parseError()

>         at com.adobe.serialization.json::JSONTokenizer/getNextToken()

>         at com.adobe.serialization.json::JSONDecoder/nextToken()

>         at com.adobe.serialization.json::JSONDecoder()

>         at com.adobe.serialization.json::JSON$/decode()

>         at DressBuilder2/getPHPData()

>         at DressBuilder2/__getData_result()

>         at flash.events::EventDispatcher/dispatchEventFunction()

>         at flash.events::EventDispatcher/dispatchEvent()

>         at
mx.rpc.http.mxml::HTTPService/http://www.adobe.com/2006/flex/mx/internal::dispatchRpcEvent()

>         at
mx.rpc::AbstractInvoker/http://www.adobe.com/2006/flex/mx/internal::resultHandler()

>         at mx.rpc::Responder/result()

>         at mx.rpc::AsyncRequest/acknowledge()

>         at DirectHTTPMessageResponder/completeHandler()

>         at flash.events::EventDispatcher/dispatchEventFunction()

>         at flash.events::EventDispatcher/dispatchEvent()

>         at flash.net::URLLoader/onComplete()

>  
>

> Here is the actual mxml code:

>  
>     >     <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>

>     <mx:Application xmlns:mx="http://www.adobe.com/2006/mxml"
layout="absolute"  width="535" height="345">

>     <mx:Script>

>     <![CDATA[

>      import mx.events.DataGridEvent;

>      import mx.controls.TextInput;

>      import mx.rpc.events.ResultEvent;

>      import mx.collections.ArrayCollection;

>      import com.adobe.serialization.json.JSON;

>  
>      [Bindable]

>      private var dataArray:ArrayCollection;

>  
>      private function initDataGrid():void

>      {

>        dataArray = new ArrayCollection();

>        getData.send();

>      }

>  
>      private function getPHPData(event:ResultEvent):void

>      {

>        var rawArray:Array;

>        var rawData:String = String(event.result);

>        rawArray = JSON.decode(rawData) as Array;

>        dataArray = new ArrayCollection(rawArray);

>      }

>  
>      private function sendPHPData():void

>      {

>        var objSend:Object = new Object();

>        var dataString:String = JSON.encode(dataArray.toArray());

>        dataString = escape(dataString);

>        objSend.setTutorials = "true";

>        objSend.jsonSendData = dataString;

>        sendData.send(objSend);

>      }

>  
>      private function updatedPHPDataResult(event:ResultEvent):void

>      {

>        lblStatus.text = String(event.result);

>      }

>  
>      private function checkRating(event:DataGridEvent):void

>      {

>        var txtIn:TextInput =
TextInput(event.currentTarget.itemEditorInstance);

>        var curValue:Number = Number(txtIn.text);

>        if(isNaN(curValue) || curValue < 0 || curValue > 10)

>        {

>          event.preventDefault();

>          lblStatus.text = "Please enter a number rating between 0 and 10";

>        }

>       }

>     ]]>

>     </mx:Script>

>      <mx:HTTPService id="getData"
url="http://www.keishalexie.com/imd465/forum.php"

>      useProxy="false" method="GET" resultFormat="text"

>      result="getPHPData(event)">

>     <mx:request xmlns="">

>       <getTutorials>"true"</getTutorials>

>       </mx:request>

>     </mx:HTTPService>

>     <mx:HTTPService id="sendData"
url="http://www.keishalexie.com/imd465/forum.php"

>      useProxy="false" method="GET" resultFormat="text"

>      result="updatedPHPDataResult(event)">

>     </mx:HTTPService>

>     <mx:Binding source="dgData.dataProvider as ArrayCollection"

>      destination="dataArray"/>

>     <mx:Panel x="0" y="0" width="535" height="345" layout="absolute"

>      title="Forum">

>       <mx:DataGrid id="dgData" x="10" y="10" width="495" height="241"

>        dataProvider="{dataArray}" creationComplete="{initDataGrid()}"

>        editable="true" itemEditEnd="{checkRating(event)}">

>         <mx:columns>

>         <mx:DataGridColumn headerText="Name" dataField="name"
editable="false"/>

>         <mx:DataGridColumn headerText="Author" dataField="author"
width="115"

>            editable="false"/>

>         <mx:DataGridColumn headerText="Rating" dataField="rating" width="50"

>            editable="true" />

>       </mx:columns>

>       </mx:DataGrid>

>      <mx:Button x="10" y="259" label="UpdateDatabase" id="butUpdate"

>        click="{sendPHPData()}"/>

>        <mx:Label x="140" y="261" id="lblStatus"/>

>      </mx:Panel>

>      </mx:Application>

>  
>

> Here is the PHP:

>  
>     >     <?php

>       $USERNAME = '';   //database username

>       $PASSWORD = '';    //database password

>       $DATABASE = '';   //database name

>       $URL = '';        //database location

>  
>       if(isset($_GET['getTutorials'])) {

>         mysql_connect($URL, $USERNAME, $PASSWORD);

>         mysql_select_db($DATABASE) or die('Cannot connect to database.');

>  
>         $returnArray = array();

>  
>         $query = 'SELECT * FROM Tutorials';

>         $result = mysql_query($query);

>  
>         while($row = mysql_fetch_assoc($result)) {

>           array_push($returnArray, $row);

>         }

>  
>         mysql_close();

>         echo json_encode($returnArray);

>       }

>       elseif(isset($_GET['setTutorials'])) {

>          $jsonString = urldecode($_GET['jsonSendData']);

>          $jsonString = str_replace("\\", "", $jsonString);

>          $data = json_decode($jsonString, true);

>  
>          mysql_connect($URL, $USERNAME, $PASSWORD);

>          mysql_select_db($DATABASE) or die('Cannot connect to database.');

>  
>          foreach ($data as $tutorialEntry) {

>            $query = sprintf(

>             'UPDATE Tutorials SET rating = "%s" WHERE id = "%s"',

>            mysql_real_escape_string($tutorialEntry['rating']),

>            mysql_real_escape_string($tutorialEntry['id']));

>  
>            $result = mysql_query($query);

>  
>            if(!$result) {

>              mysql_close();

>              echo mysql_error();

>              return;

>            }

>          }

>  
>          mysql_close();

>          echo "database updated";

>        }

>     ?>

>  


php,flex,json
24
FLEX: Make LineChart DATATIP constrain to vertical axis

>

> When making a line chart, Lets say its for business sales for different
depts and horizontally is days and vertically is dollars. When you hover over
a line it tells a dataTip tells you the sales for that dept. on that day. I
want it to show all the depts at the same time, so say you hover over day 3, I
want the dataTips for all depts on day 3 to display so you can compare the
values for all the sales on the same day. I set the mouseSensitivity for the
dataTips to display all the lines at once but I end up getting day 2 for one
dept and day 3 for another which is not wanted. This is actually posted as a
bug and explained better here:
<http://bugs.adobe.com/jira/browse/FLEXDMV-1853>

>

> I am wondering if anyone can come up with a work-around for this?

>

> Thanks!


flex,actionscript-3,charts,linechart
36
DynamicData Custom Roles/Security Per Table

>

> I have a dynamic data ASP.NET application with a requirement to give some
users tables X, Y, and Z and others only X and Z. All 3 of these tables are
using the standard ListDetails page templates, and we really want to avoid
creating custom pages for x, y, and z. What is the best way to handle this
security?

>

> All of our permissions are stored in a customer user class with boolean
properties. So in this example, we have CanViewX, CanViewY, and CanViewZ.

>

> We do not want to hard code the table name into the code.

>

> **EDIT**  
>  It dawned on me that this may have needed a little more explanation now
that it has a bounty on it... We are using the DynamicData framework and we
would like to avoid creating customer pages for the list, listdetails, edit,
etc. for each of the different tables that will be accessible in the site. We
have special requirements that would prevent one user from touching table A,
but they can touch B, and C. While other users may only be able to touch A and
B.

>

> We are looking for a recommendation and solution on how to handle this
without having to hardcode the table names anywhere in our code.


asp.net,security,dynamic-data
11
Windows GUI C++ Programming

>

> I want to learn C++ GUI programming using Visual Studio 2008. I'm not sure
where to start though. I learned C++ in high school, but not GUI. I've been
doing C# for about 3 years now and thats how I "learned" GUI programming. Now
I want to learn how to write GUI's without the use of the .NET framework, so
where do I start?


c++,gui,visual-c++
17
Encryption with multiple different keys?

>

> Is there a way to store data in an encrypted way such that it can be
decrypted with several different keys?

>

> IE, if I've encrypted data with key1, but I want to be able to decrypted
with keys 2, 3, and 4.

>

> Is this possible?


encryption
49
Question about reference types

>

> This is taken from Jon Skeet's excellent personal C# site
(<http://www.yoda.arachsys.com/csharp/>):

>  
>     >     StringBuilder first = new StringBuilder();

>     StringBuilder second = first;

>     first.Append ("hello");

>     first = null;

>     Console.WriteLine (second);

>  
>

> 1) Changing the value of first will not change the value of second -

>

> 2) although while their values are still references to the same object, any
changes made to the object through the first variable will be visible through
the second variable.

>

> This is taken from the same sentence. What is meant by changing the value? I
assume the value of a variable (eg int x = 4, or 5, or 45, etc).

>

> Does this mean if first points to another compatible object, it won't have
an effect on two?

>

> Everything on that page makes sense, I think it's just an issue with my
interpretation of the English.

>

> Thanks


c#,reference
150
Delphi 2007 isn't generating the XML I want to send to my Java-WS web service

>

> I have a Java web service to which I've linked from a Delphi 2007 app using
the WSDL Importer. Setting it up has been a [rocky
road](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/462171/delphi-2007-not-consuming-jax-
ws-web-service-properly) but I'm almost there!

>

> I now have the situation where my arrays aren't being serialized in a way
that my Java web service can consume. I've written the same app in .Net to
test it out (it works fine) and the XML I'm looking to generate looks like
this: -

>  
>     >     <?xml version="1.0"?>

>     <SOAP-ENV:Envelope

>             xmlns:SOAP-ENV="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/"

>             xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"

>             xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"

>             xmlns:SOAP-ENC="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/encoding/">

>         <SOAP-ENV:Body xmlns:NS2="http://path.to.service">

>             <NS1:addActivities xmlns:NS1="http://path.to.service/">

>                 <login href="#1"/>

>                 <project xsi:type="xsd:string">PROJ001</project>

>                 <activities>

>                     <id xsi:type="xsd:string">DELPHITEST</id>

>                     <name xsi:type="xsd:string">This is a test</name>

>                 </activities>

>                 <activities>

>                     <id xsi:type="xsd:string">DELPHITEST2</id>

>                     <name xsi:type="xsd:string">This is another test</name>

>                 </activities>

>             </NS1:addActivities>

>             <NS2:login id="1" xsi:type="NS2:login">

>                 <database xsi:type="xsd:string">My_database</database>

>                 <password xsi:type="xsd:string">neverUmind</password>

>                 <username xsi:type="xsd:string">bob</username>

>             </NS2:login>

>         </SOAP-ENV:Body>

>     </SOAP-ENV:Envelope>

>  
>

> However, the XML that Delphi generates is as follows: -

>  
>     >     <?xml version="1.0"?>

>     <SOAP-ENV:Envelope

>             xmlns:SOAP-ENV="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/"

>             xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"

>             xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"

>             xmlns:SOAP-ENC="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/encoding/">

>         <SOAP-ENV:Body xmlns:NS2="http://path.to.service/">

>             <NS1:addActivities xmlns:NS1="http://path.to.service/">

>                 <login href="#1"/>

>                 <project xsi:type="xsd:string">PROJ001</project>

>                 <activities xsi:type="SOAP-ENC:Array"

>                         SOAP-ENC:arrayType="NS2:activity[2]">

>                     <item href="#2"/>

>                     <item href="#3"/>

>                 </activities>

>             </NS1:addActivities>

>             <NS2:login id="1" xsi:type="NS2:login">

>                 <database xsi:type="xsd:string">My_database</database>

>                 <password xsi:type="xsd:string">neverUmind</password>

>                 <username xsi:type="xsd:string">bob</username>

>             </NS2:login>

>             <NS2:activity id="2" xsi:type="NS2:activity">

>                 <id xsi:type="xsd:string">DELPHITEST</id>

>                 <name xsi:type="xsd:string">This is a test</name>

>             </NS2:activity>

>             <NS2:activity id="3" xsi:type="NS2:activity">

>                 <id xsi:type="xsd:string">DELPHITEST2</id>

>                 <name xsi:type="xsd:string">This is another test</name>

>             </NS2:activity>

>         </SOAP-ENV:Body>

>     </SOAP-ENV:Envelope>

>  
>

> Basically, I need Delphi to stop creating **activity** elements within the
**activities** element and instead just put each ID and Name inside the an
activities element (as .Net does and Java seems to expect).

>

> I've buggered about with the InvRegistry.RegisterInvokeOptions and the
RemClassRegistry.RegisterSer


delphi,delphi-2007,java-ws
34
Converting an object into a subclass in Python?

>

> Lets say I have a library function that I cannot change that produces an
object of class A, and I have created a class B that inherits from A.

>

> What is the most straightforward way of using the library function to
produce an object of class B?

>

> edit- I was asked in a comment for more detail, so here goes:

>

> PyTables is a package that handles hierarchical datasets in python. The bit
I use most is its ability to manage data that is partially on disk. It
provides an 'Array' type which only comes with extended slicing, but I need to
select arbitrary rows. Numpy offers this capability - you can select by
providing a boolean array of the same length as the array you are selecting
from. Therefore, I wanted to subclass Array to add this new functionality.

>

> In a more abstract sense this is a problem I have considered before. The
usual solution is as has already been suggested- Have a constructor for B that
takes an A and additional arguments, and then pulls out the relevant bits of A
to insert into B. As it seemed like a fairly basic problem, I asked to
question to see if there were any standard solutions I wasn't aware of.


python
30
Beginner Problem in Setting SSH keys

>

> I get this error

>  
>     >     WARNING: REMOTE HOST IDENTIFICATION HAS CHANGED

>  
>

> The rest of the error message is similar to
[here](http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=596176).

>

> I have SSH keys in my server. I have my private key in my desktop. I am not
sure where I should put it.

>  
>     >     Add correct host key in ~/Users/Sam/.ssh/known_hosts to get rid of
this message.

>  
>

> Should I add the public key of my server to the file?


ssh-keys
17
How can I store the result of an SQL COUNT statement in a PHP variable

>

> I want to get the number of rows in my MySQL table and store that number in
a php variable. This is the code I'm using:

>  
>     >     $size = @mysql_query("SELECT COUNT(*) FROM News");

>  
>

> $size ends up being "Resource ID #7." How do I put the number of rows
directly into $size?


php,mysql
62
Getting the symbols with xperf

>

> I read through the docs and used the commands outlined however for some
reason I dont seem to be getting any symbols, just a series of "unknowns" in
the function column of the summary table for everything except the topmost set
of the app I was trying to debug.... I set the enviromental variable to the
microsoft server and the direcories containg the pdb's for the app. I also
made sure to select the "Load Symbols" item before bringing up the summary
table.

>

> Arcording to the info I was reading it should take some time for the tabl to
display while it loads the symbols, however for me the table displayed almost
instantly and only the top most items in sprite.exe->sprite.exe had function
names, the othe rows for function were either blank or "unknown"

>

> Im using Vista SP1.

>

> This is the batch file I used. Did I do anything that would prevent the
sybols being loaded?

>  
>     >     REM start profiler

>     xperf -on PROC_THREAD+LOADER+INTERRUPT+DPC+PROFILE^

>      -stackwalk profile -minbuffers 16 -maxbuffers 1024 -flushtimer 0^

>      -f tmp.etl

>     REM run the app we want to profile

>     sprite.exe

>     REM stop

>     xperf -d profile.etl

>     REM set symbol path

>     set _NT_SYMBOL_PATH = ^

>      C:\Projects\C++\fl lib\bin;^ REM dlls

>      C:\Projects\C++\fl lib\samples\bin;^ REM main exe

>      SRV*c:\symbols*http://msdl.microsoft.com/download/symbols

>     REM display profile

>     xperf profile.etl

>  


windows,profiling,xperf
131
File pointer behaviour?

>

> This is with reference to the question I asked earlier -

>

> [What is the correct way to declare and use a FILE * pointer in
C/C++?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/589389/what-is-the-correct-way-to-
declare-and-use-a-file-pointer-in-c-c)

>  
>     >     MyFile.h

>     char         sMsg[712]      = "";

>  
>     #define STD_MSG(string) \

>     fprintf (stderr, string)

>  
>     #define ERR_MSG(fp, string) \

>     fprintf (fp, "%s\n", string);\

>     fflush (fp)

>  
>     MyFile.C

>     #include "PdmTestClnt.h"

>  
>     //---------------------------------------------------------------

>     // ** Global variables

>     //---------------------------------------------------------------

>     FILE * fpErr = NULL;

>  
>     funcxyz() {

>     //FILE * fpErr1 = NULL;

>     sprintf (sMsg, "************ CHECKING FOR THE CRASH ************. \n");

>     ERR_MSG (fpErr, sMsg);

>     //ERR_MSG (fpErr1, sMsg);

>     }

>  
>
//========================================================================

>     // Main

>
//========================================================================

>     integer main (integer argc, char ** argv)

>     {

>        //FILE * fpErr = NULL;

>  
>        if (!(fpErr = sysFopen (sErrFileName, "a+")))

>        {

>           sprintf (sMsg,"Error in opening file %s", sErrFileName);

>           STD_MSG (sMsg);

>        }

>  
>          // Log in the error file

>          sprintf (sMsg, "Log into the error file. \n");

>          ERR_MSG (fpErr, sMsg);

>  
>     funcxyz();

>  
>     }

>  
>

> If the File pointer is declared global it works. But if it is declared local
it results in Memory fault(coredump).

>

> Ran on:

>

> HP Unix Itanium

>

> aCC compiler (C++ Compiler)

>

> Can somebody explain the behaviour?

>

> Edit: Sorry for not editing the question. I now understand the problem with
printf()/fprintf(). I showed the results for printf()/fprintf() with Dev C++
compiler on Windows in my answer. But when I run it on HP Unix with aCC
compiler it ignores %s completely and always prints the string correctly. So
how do I ask my architect to change it without showing him it memory fault on
Unix?

>

> Thanks.


c++,c,file
25
Is there a clean way to set a VS 2008 setup project's properties at build time?

>

> I have an Office add-in project with a setup project for deployment (using
VS 2008), and I need to build the same product in a few different flavours.

>

> I'm looking for a good way to make the installer resources dependent on the
build configuration. The product name, manufacturer, manufacturer url, author,
etc., etc. properties should be different for each of the builds. Also, the
images shown in the installer UI will be different as well.

>

> If possible, I'd like to do this without creating a new project for each
different UI. I believe this could be done using the ORCAS tool and build
events, but this approach seems overly complex and fragile.

>

> Does anyone have any ideas on a clean way to go about doing this?


c#,visual-studio-2008,setup,windows-installer
9
Trying to include iPhone OpenGLES headers in C++ code

>

> I have some C++ doing OpenGL drawing and am trying to figure out how to
include the opengl headers without it giving me thousands of errors in the
obj-c code.


c++,iphone,opengl-es
15
How to delete object/row with jquery (post form)

>

> I have a model posts where users can edit and delete their own posts. My
index page is a table with a few columns for each post. One of them holds a
form for the delete button. Is there any examples on how you jquery submit a
post/delete form with rails? I need to pass the status back to the user. Eg.
posts deleted, access denied etc and remove the row if successfull.

>

> Best regards. Asbjørn Morell.


jquery,ruby-on-rails
23
looking for a working linux command line tool to download from rapidshare

>

> I'm wondering if anyone knows about a working command line tool for linux to
download using premium account on rapidshare. I've seen a [python
solution](http://juanjoalvarez.net/rapidsucker), which does not work for me --
returns urllib2 error message

>  
>     >     urlopen error unknown url type: https

>  
>

> and my knowledge of python is not yet deep enough to figure out why: might
be a recent RS change or something is wrong with my settings.

>

> Any other tools around someone may be using and could share a link?


python,linux,command-line,downloading
46
Python: Getting an IPv6 socket to receive packets destined for the Subnet-Routers Anycast address

>

> How do you get a socket to receive packets destined for the IPv6 Subnet-
Routers Anycast address?

>

> I haven't been able to find any informationn on how to do this.

>

> In a fit of desparation, I've tried using socket.setsockopt as you would to
join a multicast group:

>  
>     >     # 7 is the interface number

>     s = socket(AF_INET6, SOCK_DGRAM)

>     packed_iface_num = struct.pack("I", 7)

>     group = inet_pton(AF_INET6, 'fd36:d00d:d00d:47cb::') + packed_iface_num

>  
>     # socket.error: (22, 'Invalid argument')

>     s.setsockopt(IPPROTO_IPV6, IPV6_JOIN_GROUP,  group)

>  
>

> And also using bind

>  
>     >     # socket.error: (99, 'Cannot assign requested address')

>     s.bind(('fd36:773e:6b4c:47cb::', 9876))

>  
>

> As expected, neither of these worked. Is there a way to do this?


python,networking,ipv6
60
ViewState, UserControl and IsPostback

>

> Basically, I have a drop down list and a dynamically added user control. The
user control loads a grid view depending on the choice that was made in the
drop down list. The drop down list is not part of the user control.

>

> Now, the question is, how do i simulate (isControlPostback = false) every
time the user changes the selection in the drop down list? It looks like
ViewState remembers the control.

>

> Inside my user control I have:

>  
>     >     protected bool IsUserControlPostBack

>     {

>         get

>         {

>          return this.ViewState["IsUserControlPostBack"] != null;

>         }

>     }

>  
>     protected void Page_Load(object sender, EventArgs e)

>     {

>         if (!IsUserControlPostBack)

>         {

>          ViewState.Add("IsUserControlPostBack", true);

>          //load stuff in the grid view and bind it

>         }

>     }

>  
>

> When the user changes the selection on the drop down list, i have a
javascript confirm box, and the page posts back. So OnSelectedIndexChanged
event for drop down list doesn't get triggered. I would like to remove to do
something like this every time the selected index changes:
ViewState.Remove("IsUserControlPostBack");


c#,.net,viewstate
9
.net 2.0 IRC component

>

> Anyone know of a good winforms IRC component? I don't want an IRC
application, I want to be able to add IRC functionality to an existing windows
form


.net,irc
8
How to compile simple C file using GNU C Compiler/gcc & Mobile-Terminal on the iPhone?

>

> How to compile simple C file using GNU C Compiler/gcc & Mobile-Terminal on
the iPhone?! Do I need extra files?


iphone,c,gcc,compiler,gnu
20
Any value to a programmer to understand the CPU in more depth?

>

> It recently occurred to me that I (and I think most people) learned computer
programming starting with something like Visual Basic. I began to wonder if we
had started at the lower level first if it would be easier now.

>

> Do you think it is any value as a programmer to understand things like how a
CPU works, the basic instructions, and things like that? I mean after all
aren't we really talking to it in the end?

>

> If we started at the CPU level and taught from there up we might find that
we can understand how to manipulate it at a high level easier.


theory,cpu
127
When are structs the answer?

>

> I'm doing a raytracer hobby project, and originally I was using structs for
my Vector and Ray objects, and I thought a raytracer was the perfect situation
to use them: you create millions of them, they don't live longer than a single
method, they're lightweight. However, by simply changing 'struct' to 'class'
on Vector and Ray, I got a very significant performance gain.

>

> What gives? They're both small (3 floats for Vector, 2 Vectors for a Ray),
don't get copied around excessively. I do pass them to methods when needed of
course, but that's inevitable. So what are the common pitfalls that kill
performance when using structs? I've read [this](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-
us/library/ms973839.aspx) MSDN article that says the following:

>

>> When you run this example, you'll see that the struct loop is orders of
magnitude faster. However, it is important to beware of using ValueTypes when
you treat them like objects. This adds extra boxing and unboxing overhead to
your program, and can end up costing you more than it would if you had stuck
with objects! To see this in action, modify the code above to use an array of
foos and bars. You'll find that the performance is more or less equal.

>

> It's however quite old (2001) and the whole "putting them in an array causes
boxing/unboxing" struck me as odd. Is that true? However, I did pre-calculate
the primary rays and put them in an array, so I took up on this article and
calculated the primary ray when I needed it and never added them to an array,
but it didn't change anything: with classes, it was still 1.5x faster.

>

> I am running .NET 3.5 SP1 which I believe fixed an issue where struct
methods weren't ever in-lined, so that can't be it either.

>

> So basically: any tips, things to consider and what to avoid?

>

> EDIT: As suggested in some answers, I've set up a test project where I've
tried passing structs as ref. The methods for adding two Vectors:

>  
>     >     public static VectorStruct Add(VectorStruct v1, VectorStruct v2)

>     {

>       return new VectorStruct(v1.X + v2.X, v1.Y + v2.Y, v1.Z + v2.Z);

>     }

>  
>     public static VectorStruct Add(ref VectorStruct v1, ref VectorStruct v2)

>     {

>       return new VectorStruct(v1.X + v2.X, v1.Y + v2.Y, v1.Z + v2.Z);

>     }

>  
>     public static void Add(ref VectorStruct v1, ref VectorStruct v2, out
VectorStruct v3)

>     {

>       v3 = new VectorStruct(v1.X + v2.X, v1.Y + v2.Y, v1.Z + v2.Z);

>     }

>  
>

> For each I got a variation of the following benchmark method:

>  
>     >     VectorStruct StructTest()

>     {

>       Stopwatch sw = new Stopwatch();

>       sw.Start();

>       var v2 = new VectorStruct(0, 0, 0);

>       for (int i = 0; i < 100000000; i++)

>       {

>         var v0 = new VectorStruct(i, i, i);

>         var v1 = new VectorStruct(i, i, i);

>         v2 = VectorStruct.Add(ref v0, ref v1);

>       }

>       sw.Stop();

>       Console.WriteLine(sw.Elapsed.ToString());

>       return v2; // To make sure v2 doesn't get optimized away because it's
unused.

>     }

>  
>

> All seem to perform pretty much identical. Is it possible that they get
optimized by the JIT to whatever is the optimal way to pass this struct?

>

> EDIT2: I must note by the way that using structs in my test project _is_
about 50% faster than using a class. Why this is different for my raytracer I
don't know.


c#,performance,struct,raytracing,struct-vs-class
15
How to determine a windows executables DLL dependencies programatically?

>

> How to determine what DLL's a binary depends on using programmatic methods?

>

> To be clear, I am not trying to determine the DLL dependencies of the
running exec, but of any arbitrary exec (that may be missing a required DLL).
I'm looking for a solution to implement in a C/C++ application. This is
something that needs to be done by my application at runtime and can't be done
by a third party app (like depends).


c++,windows,dll,dependencies,executable
21
How to get better bracket matching/alignment in VIM?

>

> Is there any way to make VIM put the brackets in the right indentation? For
example, whenever I type:

>  
>     >     if (something)

>         do something

>  
>

> and then I hit enter after "do something", to have it jump back in line with
the if statement? Also, when I go into insert mode, can I make it so it
automatically jumps to the correct indentation level instead of staying at the
beginning of the line?


vim
9
Defining OOP for a new programmer

>

> In teaching a first language to someone with no programming background I am
having a hard time defining OOP despite the fact that I prefer OOP, how can I
define OOP to someone with little (or zero) programming experience?


oop
54
Element.prototype in IE7?

>

> I'm trying to extend all dom elements so i can get and remove their
children. The function is below (works in FF and Chrome). Is there an
equivalent in IE7 to extend the base dom object?

>  
>     >     if (!Element.get) {

>     Element.prototype.get = function(id) {

>      for (var i = 0; i < this.childNodes.length; i++) {

>       if (this.childNodes[i].id == id) {

>        return this.childNodes[i];

>       }

>       if (this.childNodes[i].childNodes.length) {

>        var ret = this.childNodes[i].get(id);

>        if (ret != null) {

>         return ret;

>        }

>       }

>      }

>      return null;

>     }

>     }

>  
>     Element.prototype.removeChildren = function() {

>         removeChildren(this);

>     }

>  
>

> Thanks!


javascript,dom,internet-explorer-7,extend
25
Ways to enforce prepared statements

>

> I just stumbled (by accident) on yet another stupid not-sanitized-at-all sql
injection flaw in a project I'm working on ...and I'm so tired of it.  
>  Do you have any advise on how to eliminate such bad sql statements and
enforce prepared statements where ever feasible? Right now I would prefer a
solution like

>  
>     >     REVOKE DarnInlineDataStatements ON * TO xyz

>

> But since this seems unlikely, are there e.g. static code analysis tools for
finding these things (to a certain point of reliability)? Or _anything_ else
you would recommend?  
>  **edit**: The soft-skills approach "please don't use them, there are
(usually) better ways" didn't seem to work too well in the past. Therefore I
would really prefer something that prevents such queries in the first place.
Not to deliberately break existing code but for future projects, some "there
are no such queries" solution ;-)


sql,prepared-statement
48
Python: efficiently join chunks of bytes into one big chunk?

>

> I'm trying to jury-rig the [Amazon S3 python
library](http://developer.amazonwebservices.com/connect/entry.jspa?externalID=134)
to allow chunked handling of large files. Right now it does a "self.body =
http_response.read()", so if you have a 3G file you're going to read the
entire thing into memory before getting any control over it.

>

> My current approach is to try to keep the interface for the library the same
but provide a callback after reading each chunk of data. Something like the
following:

>  
>     >     data = []

>     while True:

>         chunk = http_response.read(CHUNKSIZE)

>         if not chunk:

>             break

>         if callback:

>             callback(chunk)

>         data.append(chunk)

>  
>

> Now I need to do something like:

>  
>     >     self.body = ''.join(data)

>  
>

> Is _join_ the right way to do this or is there another (better) way of
putting all the chunks together?


python,amazon-s3
21
Where exactly do function pointers point?

>

> Given that all the primitive data types and objects have memory allocated,
it is intuitively easy to imagine the pointers to these types.

>

> But where exactly do function pointers point to? Given that instructions are
converted into machine code and reside in memory, should we consider they
point to the memory location corresponding to the start of the functions
instructions?

>

> We face many errors in pointers due to illegal memory access. Is it the case
that errors occur when function pointers point to data memory instead of
instruction memory?


c++,c,pointers,function-pointers
21
How feasible would a completely/semi autonomous P2P network for multiplayer games be?

>

> I've been mulling over how one would go about creating a P2P system (like
BitTorrent is for files) for playing multiplayer games. The idea is to remove
the traditional server from the multiplayer architecture. I understand that
some sort of server may be necessary for initiating the communications and
sending world updates etc, but I'm interested into how you would reduce the
load and bandwidth pressures on the server.

>

> By the way, this goes for any size game, from a two player checkers game
right up to a FPS with 30+ players.

>

> Am I crazy?


p2p,bittorrent
113
Why does the child process here not print anything?

>

> Assume all the variables have been declared previously... because they have
been. The child process does not print anything which makes me think it's not
being executed. The parent process runs fine, albeit it doesn't get the shared
memory. I apologize for the length of this code...

>  
>     >     // create 5 child process

>     for(int k=0;k<5;k++){

>  
>         // fork a child process

>         pid = fork();

>  
>         // error occured on fork

>         if (pid < 0) {

>             fprintf(stderr, "Fork Failed");

>             return 1;

>         }

>         // this is what the child process will run

>         else if (pid == 0) {

>             //create a shared mem segment

>             segment_id = shmget(IPC_PRIVATE, size, S_IRUSR | S_IWUSR);

>  
>             //attach the shared memory segment

>             shared_memory = (char *) shmat(segment_id, NULL, 0);

>  
>             printf("this is child");

>  
>             double x = 0;

>             double sum = 0;

>  
>             // Run process that sums the function

>             for(int i=0; i<n; i++){

>                 // get random number in range of x1-x2

>                 x = rand()%(x2 - x1 + 1) + x1;

>                 sum = sum + f(x);

>             }

>  
>             //write output to the shared memory segment

>             sprintf(shared_memory, "%f", sum);

>             execlp("/bin/ls", "ls", NULL);

>  
>          }

>  
>         // this is what the parent process will run

>         else {

>  
>            //print output from shared memory

>             printf("\n*%s", shared_memory);

>  
>             //detach shared memory

>             shmdt(shared_memory);

>  
>             //Here we add the shared memory to the array

>             // To add together at the end

>             // but since I cant get the memory to share

>             // the array can't be implemented

>  
>             //remove the shared memory segment

>             shmctl(segment_id, IPC_RMID, NULL);

>  
>             wait(NULL);

>         }

>     } // End of for statement

>  


c++,fork,parent-child
91
What are the benefits of a relative path such as "../include/header.h" for a header?

>

> I've reviewed questions [How to use include directive
correctly](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/464560/how-to-use-include-
directive-correctly) and [C++ #include
semantics](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/179213/c-include-semantics) and
neither addresses this - nor do the others suggested by SO when I typed the
title...

>

> What, if any, are the benefits of writing:

>  
>     >     #include "../include/someheader.h"

>     #include "../otherdir/another.h"

>  
>

> compared with using just a plain file name:

>  
>     >     #include "someheader.h"

>     #include "another.h"

>  
>

> or perhaps a relative name without the '`..`':

>  
>     >     #include "include/someheader.h"

>     #include "otherdir/another.h"

>  
>

> The problems I see are:

>

>     * You can't move a header without worrying about which source files
include it.

>     * You can end up with very long paths for headers in dependencies and
error reports. I had one today with
"`../dir1/include/../../include/../dir2/../include/header.h`".

>

> The only merit I can see is that while you do not need to move files around,
you might be able to get away without always using '`-I`' directives to find
headers, but the loss of flexibility, and the complexity of compiling in sub-
sub-directories, etc seems to outweigh the benefit.

>

> So, am I overlooking a benefit?

>

> * * *

>

> Thanks for the inputs. I think the consensus is that there aren't any major
benefits to the notation using ".." that I'm overlooking. In general terms, I
like the "somewhere/header.h" notation; I do use it in new projects. The one
I'm working on is anything but new.

>

> One of the problems is that there are various sets of headers, often with a
prefix such as `rspqr.h`, `rsabc.h`, `rsdef.h`, `rsxyz.h`. These are all
related to code in the `rsmp` directory, but some of the headers are in `rsmp`
and others are in the central include directory, which does not have sub-
directories such as `rsmp` in it. (And repeat for the various other areas of
the code; there are headers in multiple locations, needed randomly by other
bits of code.) Moving stuff around is a major problem because the code has
gotten so convoluted over the years. And the makefiles are not consistent in
which `-I` options are provided. All in all, it is a sad story of not-so-
benign neglect over a period of decades. Fixing it all without breaking
anything is going to be a long, tedious job.


c,include,header
32
Apache not using mod_rewrite.c

>

> So I just setup a linode server with debian, apache, etc. and now I'm trying
to get an app that I'm developing running, but it requires `mod_rewrite.c`. So
naturally, I went to the directory of the application (happens to be in PHP if
that matters) and created a .htaccess with this inside of it:

>  
>     >     <IfModule mod_rewrite.c>

>     RewriteEngine On

>     RewriteBase /

>     RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-f

>     RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-d

>     RewriteRule . /index.php

>     </IfModule>

>  
>

> So they I headed over to my domain, `example.com/hello`, and it gave me a
404 error, when it should be showing me the content that index.php loads. Is
there any reason why `mod_rewrite.c` wouldn't be working?


php,apache,debian
75
adding a func in an objective-c category

>

> I am a objective C newbie. Why do i get a warning for calling a func i
created in a category?

>  
>     >     #import <stdio.h>

>     #import <objc/Object.h>

>  
>     @interface MyObj: NSObject

>     {

>     @public

>         int  num;

>     }

>  
>     -(void) print;

>     @end

>  
>     @implementation MyObj;

>     -(void) print

>     {

>         printf("%d\n", self->num);

>     }

>     @end

>  
>     @implementation MyObj(more)

>     -(void) quack

>     {

>         printf("Quack\n");

>     }

>     @end

>  
>  
>     int main (int argc, char *argv[])

>     {

>         MyObj  *obj = [[MyObj alloc] init];

>         obj->num = 9;

>         [obj print];

>         [obj quack]; //warning my not respond to quack

>         [obj release];

>     }

>  


objective-c
26
How do I validate a date in rails?

>

> I want to be able to validate a date in my model in ruby on rails. However,
the day, month and year values are already converted into an incorrect date by
the time they reach my model.

>

> For example, if I enter February 31st 2009 in my view, when I do
Model.new(params[:model]) in my controller, it converts it to March 3rd 2009.
Which my model then sees as a valid date, which it is, but it is the incorrect
date.

>

> I would like to be able to do this validation in my model. Is there any way
that I can, or am I going about this completely wrong?

>

> I found this [post](http://www.ruby-forum.com/topic/53191) that discusses
the problem but never has a resolution.


ruby-on-rails,ruby,validation,date
9
Developing on a MacBook?

>

> Does anybody out there develop on a MacBook? I'm trying to decide whether I
should spend the extra money for the MacBook Pro and am torn. For everyday
stuff like web surfing, watching vidcast and such I would prefer the MacBook.


macbook
13
FOSS HTML to PDF in Python, .Net or command line?

>

> I have google as much as I possible, checked stackoverflow several times,
and yet I can not find a good **html to pdf converter** that can handle css.
Is there a free and open source solution (even for commercial usage)? There
are many solutions, with huge variety of price ranges, but I was looking for
something open source and free. I have tried PISA for Python and it works
fairly well, but is not free for commercial usage. Is there anything for .Net?
I have not had success with iTextSharp.


c#,.net,python,html-to-pdf
18
Change font of cell in DataGrid on Windows Mobile

>

> I'm using VS 2005 to create a Windows Mobile program in C#. I need to
display data in a grid. The only grid control I could find for Windows Mobile
is DataGrid, so I placed one on my form. I now need to change the width of
some columns and the font & color of some cells. How do I do this?

>

> Also is there is a better control to use for Windows Mobile?

>

> thanks John.


c#,windows-mobile,datagrid,compact-framework
59
Is this a leaky abstraction?

>

> Is specifying a field name on middle-tier a leaky abstraction?

>

> I feel it is too cumbersome to create a separate function just for each
field, even if it is code-generated.

>  
>     >             public bool Assortment_IsValueExistingOnOtherRecord(

>                 Dictionary<string, object> exceptPkColumns,

>                 string field, object value

>                 )

>             {

>                 var c = Connect();

>  
>                 var dt = new DataTable();

>  
>                 string sanitizedField = field.Replace("'","");

>  
>                 var daAssortment = new SqlDataAdapter(

>                    string.Format(

>     @"SELECT 1 FROM assortment

>     WHERE

>     /* do I violate any good programming practice here? */ [{0}] = @value

>     AND NOT (assortment_id = @assortment_id)",  field), c);

>  
>                 daAssortment.SelectCommand.Parameters.Add("assortment_id",
exceptPkColumns["assortment_id"]);

>                 daAssortment.SelectCommand.Parameters.Add("value", value);

>                 daAssortment.Fill(dt);

>  
>                 return dt.Rows.Count == 1;

>             }

>  


coding-style
63
Moving large vb6 app to web or winforms. You decide!

>

> I'm working on porting a large vb6 application to .NET. The current app is a
desktop app that communicates with a set of local access databases. There are
about 200 forms in the application and about 100 tables. The screens are
mostly complex. Most show master-detail relationships, lots of rows in
embedded spreadsheet and dynamically generated editing controls.

>

> They will port it to .NET. I'm not sure if they will want it web-based or
winforms. To me, it seems that the application is better suited for winforms.
Thankfully, the access databases will be replaced with sql server regardless
of choice.

>

> My reasons for winforms:

>

>     * Richer UI.

>     * Client caching

>     * Faster development. Winforms is productive for me even though ASP.NET
is light years more productive than classic ASP. I would still rather work in
winforms.

>     * Can display more data and spend less time concerned with managing
state.

>

> I plan to breakout the business/data layer into a seperate library. The
business objects in the library will be able to be used either by the winforms
or web app.

>

> I'm thinking that if we port to winforms first and have a clean seperation
of UI and business logic, I will be able to reuse the business logic in a web
version at a later date. Given the business/data layer is in a seperate
library with no UI dependencies.

>

> In the end, it's not my decision to make but I would like to hear your
experience moving large windows apps to asp.net.

>

> What was your experience moving a large desktop app to asp.net? How would
you approach a project like this? Would you rather port this app to winforms
or asp.net? Why?

>

> Thanks! Steve


c#,asp.net,winforms,desktop-application,vb6-migration
36
How to create MS Paint clone with Python and pygame

>

> As I see it, there are two ways to handle mouse events to draw a picture.

>

> The first is to detect when the mouse moves and draw a line to where the
mouse is, shown [here](http://www.cs.iupui.edu/~aharris/pygame/ch05/paint.py).
However, the problem with this is that with a large brush size, many gaps
appear between each "line" that is not straight since it is using the line's
stroke size to create thick lines.

>

> The other way is to draw circles when the mouse moves as is shown
[here](http://www.ida.liu.se/~ETE257/timetable/LecturePythonPygame2.html). The
problem with this is that gaps appear between each circle if the mouse moves
faster than the computer detects mouse input.

>

> Here's a screenshot with my issues with both:

>

> ![http://imgur.com/32DXN.jpg](http://i.stack.imgur.com/7ILzZ.png)

>

> What is the best way to implement a brush like MS Paint's, with a decently-
big brush size with no gaps in the stroke of the line or no gaps between each
circle?


python,mouse,pygame,draw,paint
18
Does anyone use the Google Adwords API?

>

> I have been using the Google Adwords API for sometime, and i am starting to
suspect that i have made an assumption.

>

> Does anyone know if the 'GetKeywordVariations' returns keywords in order of
relevance?

>

> Comparing various keywords and their results with the Adwords website
equivalent and I am seeing many differences.


google-api,google-adwords
23
Suggestions on how to get bbpress / wordpress username/userid from cookie

>

> I am trying to integrate my site to use the bbpress/wordpress user system.

>

> All I need is the ability to get the User Name and/or User ID of the person
currently on my site. I don't really need any other functionality from bbpress
or wordpress on the site.

>

> If I could get the user's ID and then the ability to get the user's name
from that ID would be perfect for all of my needs.

>

> Additional Info: My site is ran on PHP5 and MySQL, I have wordpress and
bbpress upto date and currently integrated with each other.


php,wordpress,integration,bbpress
12
Paging in asp.net Listview control

>

> How do get the paging functionality (like we have in asp.net gridview) in
Listview control?

>

> Thanks!


asp.net
157
Treetop SGF Parsing

>

> I am currently trying to write a Treetop grammar to parse Simple Game Format
files, and have it mostly working so far. However, there are a few questions
that have come up.

>

>     1. I am unsure how to actually access the structure Treetop generates
after a parse.

>     2. Is there a better way to handle capturing all characters than my
chars rule?

>     3. There is a case for comments that I can't seem to write correctly.

>

> C[player1 [4k\]: hi player2 [3k\]: hi!]

>

> I can't wrap my head around how to deal with the nested structure of the C[]
node with []'s inside them.

>

> The following is my current progress.

>

> **sgf-grammar.treetop**

>  
>     >     grammar SgfGrammar

>     rule node

>      '(' chunk* ')' {

>       def value

>        text_value

>       end

>      }

>     end

>  
>     rule chunk

>      ';' property_set* {

>       def value

>        text_value

>       end

>      }

>     end

>  
>     rule property_set

>      property ('[' property_data ']')* / property '[' property_data ']' {

>       def value

>        text_value

>       end

>      }

>     end

>  
>     rule property_data

>      chars '[' (!'\]' . )* '\]' chars / chars / empty {

>       def value

>        text_value

>       end

>      }

>     end

>  
>     rule property

>      [A-Z]+ / [A-Z] {

>       def value

>        text_value

>       end

>      }

>     end

>  
>     rule chars

>      [a-zA-Z0-9_/\-:;|'"\\<>(){}!@#$%^&\*\+\-,\.\?!= \r\n\t]*

>     end

>  
>     rule empty

>      ''

>     end

>     end

>  
>

> And my test case, currently excluding C[] nodes with the above mentioned
nested bracket problem:

>

> **example.rb**

>  
>     >     require 'rubygems'

>     require 'treetop'

>     require 'sgf-grammar'

>  
>     parser = SgfGrammarParser.new

>     parser.parse("(;GM[1]FF[4]CA[UTF-8]AP[CGoban:3]ST[2]

>     RU[Japanese]SZ[19]KM[0.50]TM[1800]OT[5x30 byo-yomi]

>     PW[stoic]PB[bojo]WR[3k]BR[4k]DT[2008-11-30]RE[B+2.50])")

>  


ruby,parsing,treetop
15
asp.net sessionID changing on postbacks?

>

> I am writing an asp.net app that stored an object in cache. When the page
loads the first time, it checks the cache for the object, if it is there, it
will use the object. if the object does not exist, it will re-build it and
store it in cache. since multiple users can use this app at the same time, i
was trying to store the object in cache with the cache key being the
SessionID. Well, i noticed that when the page posts back, the sessionID
changes, so I will need to use a different unique key. Any suggestions? I was
thinking about using the userID of the person logged in, but that is not
unique either, since you can login with the same id multiple times.


asp.net,caching,sessionid
24
How can I use "mod rewrite" to redirect a folder path to a subdomain, but without a browser redirect?

>

> I have a file that I want to redirect to a subdomain using mod_rewrite. For
example, I would like to redirect the request for
`http://www.mydomain.com/xyz` to the subdomain `xyz.example.com`

>

> I don't want to send a redirect to the browser though (so it doesn't know
the page is different).

>

> BTW. `xyz` is a CNAME record, pointing to `www.otherdomain.com.`

>

> Another example, just to clarify. If `http://www.mydomain.com/xyz/something`
is entered into the browser, I want Apache to return the contents of
`http://xyz.mydomain.com/something`


apache,mod-rewrite
22
What is an ESB and what is it good for?

>

> At a previous job, there was lots of talk about "Enterprise Service Bus"
(ESB). I read parts of a conceptual book about it, but never really understood
how you would implement/integrate it in concrete terms. I'm familiar with
SOA/queueing/directory services/etc. but I don't understand what exactly an
ESB is.

>

> Is it a concrete thing (service/server/broker/etc.) that you just hook all
your apps up to it in different ways, or is it more just a conceptual way to
design systems?

>

> Any explanations or links to good examples would be greatly appreciated.
Thanks.


esb
8
How do I make a winforms progress bar move vertically in C#?

>

> I'm working on a winforms jukebox in C#. I'd like to have a vertical
progressbar for the volume control. Does anyone know how to do that?


c#,winforms,gui,progress-bar
59
Looking for DependencyProperty.Register shortcut

>

> Defining WPF properties is too long:

>  
>     >     public static readonly DependencyProperty FooProperty =

>       DependencyProperty.Register("Foo", typeof(string), typeof(FooClass),
new PropertyMetadata("Foooooo"));

>  
>

> I have a helper method, making it a bit shorter:

>  
>     >     public static readonly DependencyProperty FooProperty =

>       WpfUtils.Property<string, FooControl>("Foo", "Foooooo");

>  
>

> Code:

>  
>     >     public partial class WpfUtils

>     {

>         public static DependencyProperty Property<T, TClass>(string name)

>         {

>             return Property<T, TClass>(name, default(T));

>         }

>  
>         public static DependencyProperty Property<T, TClass>(string name, T
defaultValue)

>         {

>             return DependencyProperty.Register(name, typeof(T),
typeof(TClass), new PropertyMetadata(defaultValue));

>         }

>     }

>  
>

> Are there better helpers around?


wpf,properties,define,helper
46
void* as unknown variable type

>

> I'm currently working on a sprite engine in C++. I have an abstract class
IEngine with a virtual function init_api. This takes in a void*.

>  
>     >         // Initialise the engines' API

>     // api_params - void* to api parameters for initalisation

>     // hWnd - window handle

>     virtual bool init_api( void* api_params, HWND hWnd ) = 0;

>  
>

> I then have a DirectX implemented engine class CEngineDX. Which then casts
api_params to a D3DPRESENT_PARAMETERS*, so it can be used for initialising
DirectX.

>  
>     >     //  Cast api_params to a D3DPRESENT_PARAMETERS

>     D3DPRESENT_PARAMETERS* presentParams = NULL;

>     presentParams = reinterpret_cast< D3DPRESENT_PARAMETERS* >( api_params
);

>  
>

> I'm quite happy with this setup but wanted to get some other programmers
view on this "solution" if you like.

>

> Cheers for the replies!

>

> Carl


c++,void
22
Why won't Vista Sidebar Gadget show up in Gadget Gallery?

>

> I'd like to create a sidebar gadget in Vista. I've followed [this
tutorial](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/magazine/cc163370.aspx) on how to
create one to the letter. However, the gadget simply will not show up in the
Gadget Gallery when I go to Add Gadgets in the sidebar.

>

> I've tried resetting the sidebar, deleting the settings file next to the
gadgets folder, making sure my xml file is stored as UTF-8, etc. Still
nothing.

>

> **NOTE:** To those looking to retag, this _is_ programming-related. Please
follow the link to see what I'm talking about. I'm trying to get the some
verbatim tutorial code working.


windows-vista,vista64,windows-desktop-gadgets
9
How to validate a MYSQL Date in PHP?

>

> Users would select their date from 3 dropdowns (day, month, year). I will
combine them on server-side to make a string like '2008-12-30'. How can I then
validate to make sure this date was in the right format/numeric only, etc?


php,mysql,date
30
How mature is SDL for iPhone?

>

> For a while I've been thinking of trying to do a port of one of my favorite
classic PC games, [The Ur-Quan Masters](http://sc2.sourceforge.net) (aka [Star
Control 2](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star%5Fcontrol%5F2)) to the iPhone.
UQM uses SDL for all its graphics, sound, input and other gamey stuff and
there does seem to be a port of SDL to iPhone but it doesn't look very mature
at this point.

>

> Has anyone put the iPhone SDL port through its paces? How well does it work?
What kinds of issues can I expect taking this project, which is already cross
platform code to iPhone?

>

> If SDL isn't an option can anyone reccomend an alternative framework to look
at that will bridge the gap between SDL and the native libraries like OpenGL
ES and Core Audio? Or is coding to those frameworks the best option?

>

> **Edit to add:** Here's a link to a [forum
thread](http://forum.uqm.stack.nl/index.php?topic=4254.0) on the UQM forum
about doing an iPhone port.


iphone,cross-platform,sdl
38
How to concisely cascade through multiple regex statements in Python

>

> My dilemma: I'm passing my function a string that I need to then perform
numerous regex manipulations on. The logic is if there's a match in the first
regex, do one thing. If no match, check for a match with the second and do
something else, if not check the third, and so forth. I could do something
like this:

>  
>     >     if re.match('regex1', string):

>         match = re.match('regex1', string)

>         # Manipulate match.group(n) and return

>     elif re.match('regex2', string):

>         match = re.match('regex2', string)

>         # Do second manipulation

>     [etc.]

>  
>

> However, this feels unnecessarily verbose, and usually when that's the case
it means there's a better way that I'm either overlooking or don't yet know
about.

>

> Does anyone have a suggestion for a better way to do this (better from a
code-appearance standpoint, a memory usage standpoint, or both)?


python,regex,coding-style
29
How can I programmatically obtain an image's REAL URL/Path?

>

> To clarify the title question, I have code such as:

>  
>     >     <img
src='gallery/main.php?g2_view=core.DownloadItem&g2_itemId=8161&g2_serialNumber=2&g2_GALLERYSID=5b24df90ee45f0e01795a3c01a1d634b'>

>  
>

> with the file actually residing in the file system under my webroot. Is
there any way in PHP to retrieve the images real path being served such as:

>  
>     >     <img src='images/gallery/album1/file1.jpg'>

>  
>

> Eg someFunction(_longURL_) ==> images/gallery/album1/file1.jpg

>

> Thank you,


php,url,image
51
The domain name I want is in "clienthold"; am I likely to be able to get this name?

>

> Before I begin, I guess this may not be strictly _programming_ related but I
think it's definitely related to web programming.

>

> I'm after a domain for a startup project and I notice that it is currently
on "clientHold" registrar status. From the research I've done this suggests
that it is in dispute either due to an ownership dispute, a payment dispute or
someone has suggested the domain is used by spammers/scammers. The whois data
seems similar to other spammer details I've seen posted, and at the very least
is largely anonymous.

>

> The domain is registed with XIN NET who [appear to be notorious for
supporting spammer
domains](http://weblog.infoworld.com/stratdev/archives/2008/06/xin%5Fnet%5Fcrackdo.html).
I'd love to just contact the registrar but their site copyright is 2006 and I
can't find any appropriate contact path. Even then, they are probably too
large to actually deal with and my Chinese skills are limited to Google
Translate.

>

> One thing to note is that the expiry date for the domain isn't for a few
months.

>

> **My questions are:**

>

>     * Is there any rule on how long a domain can be held in clientHold
status?

>     * Does the "last updated" whois data indicate when the domain was
initially put on clientHold?

>     * If the site is put up for deletion, will it enter a pending deletion
status for some time or is it likely to just drop instantly?

>

> Any details on how this stuff works would be appreciated.


dns,icann
107
Why Jython behaves inconsistently when tested with PyStone?

>

> I've been playing recently with Jython and decided to do some quick and
dirty benchmarking with pystone. In order to have a reference, I first tested
cPython 2.6, with an increasing numbers of loops (I thought this may be
relevant as Jython should start to profit from the JIT only after some time).

>  
>     >     (richard garibaldi):/usr/local/src/pybench% python
~/tmp/pystone.py

>     Pystone(1.1) time for 50000 passes = 1.04

>     This machine benchmarks at 48076.9 pystones/second

>  
>     (richard garibaldi):/usr/local/src/pybench% python ~/tmp/pystone.py
500000

>     Pystone(1.1) time for 500000 passes = 10.33

>     This machine benchmarks at 48402.7 pystones/second

>  
>     (richard garibaldi):/usr/local/src/pybench% python ~/tmp/pystone.py
1000000

>     Pystone(1.1) time for 1000000 passes = 19.6

>     This machine benchmarks at 51020.4 pystones/second

>  
>

> As you can see, cPython behaves consistently: the time it takes to complete
the test increases linearly to the number of loops. Knowing this, I started
testing Jython.

>  
>     >     (richard garibaldi):/usr/local/src/pybench% jython
~/tmp/pystone.py

>     Pystone(1.1) time for 50000 passes = 2.29807

>     This machine benchmarks at 21757.4 pystones/second

>  
>     (richard garibaldi):/usr/local/src/pybench% jython ~/tmp/pystone.py
500000

>     Pystone(1.1) time for 500000 passes = 10.931

>     This machine benchmarks at 45741.4 pystones/second

>  
>  
>     (richard garibaldi):/usr/local/src/pybench% jython ~/tmp/pystone.py
1000000

>     Pystone(1.1) time for 1000000 passes = 107.183

>     This machine benchmarks at 9329.86 pystones/second

>  
>

> During the first run Jython runs rather lousily in comparison to its C
brother. When increased the number of loops it started feeling better, coming
close to cPython, like my initial hypothesis predicted. Note that the number
of loops increased 10 times, but it took Jython only about 5 times longer to
complete them. So, as you imagine, I was expecting that Jython would really
rock in the final test. To my great disappointment, however, it did really
bad: more than twice slower than in the initial run.

>

> What are your hypotheses: why does Jython behave such an inconsistent
manner? Could it be that GC is kicking in at some moment, and taking a lot of
time? I've looked at PyStone's code and garbage collection doesn't seem to be
turned off, but I would expect Java's GC to be at least as good as Python's...
Do you think this slowing down is permanent, or it will go away at some point
after increasing the number of loops? How shall Jython behave in a really long
running processes?

>

> EDIT: unfortunately, I get `java.lang.OutOfMemoryError` if I increase the
number of loops to 2 million...

>

> (Of course, Jython is still beta, so it should get better in the final
release.)

>

> I am using Jython 2.5b1 (trunk:5903:5905, Jan 9 2009, 16:01:29), Java(TM) SE
Runtime Environment (build 1.6.0_07-b06-153) and Java HotSpot(TM) 64-Bit
Server VM (build 1.6.0_07-b06-57, mixed mode) on MacOS X 10.5.

>

> Thanks for your answers.


java,python,performance,jython,benchmarking
37
How to do a safe join pathname in ruby?

>

> My Rails development environment is Windows-based, and my production
environment is Linux-based.

>

> It's possible that VirtualHost will be used. Assume that one filename needs
to be referenced in the `/public` folder with `File.open('/tmp/abc.txt',
'r')`.

>

> —but in Windows it should be `C:\tmp\abc.txt`. How can I do a correct path
join to handle the two different environments?

>  
>     >     prefix_tmp_path = '/tmp/'

>     filename = "/#{rand(10)}.txt"

>  
>     fullname = prefix_tmp_path + filename # /tmp//1.txt <- but I don't want
a double //

>  
>

> And when `prefix_tmp_path = "C:\tmp\"` I get `C:\tmp\/1.txt`

>

> What is the correct way to handle both cases?


ruby
19
How can I compare a number against a range in bash or Perl?

>

> How to script a comparison of a number against a range?

>

>> 1 is not within 2-5

>

> or

>

>> 3 is within 2-5


perl,bash,range
98
Why am I getting an Out Of Memory Exception in my C# application?

>

> My memory is 4G physical, but why I got out of memory exception even if I
create just 1.5G memory object. Any ideas why? (I saw at the same time, in the
performance tab of task manager the memory is not full occupied, and I could
also type here -- so memory is not actually low, so I think I hit some other
memory limitations)?

>  
>     >     using System;

>     using System.Collections.Generic;

>     using System.Linq;

>     using System.Text;

>  
>     namespace TestBigMemoryv1

>     {

>         class MemoryHolderFoo

>         {

>             static Random seed = new Random();

>             public Int32 holder1;

>             public Int32 holder2;

>             public Int64 holder3;

>  
>             public MemoryHolderFoo()

>             {

>                 // prevent from optimized out

>                 holder1 = (Int32)seed.NextDouble();

>                 holder2 = (Int32)seed.NextDouble();

>                 holder3 = (Int64)seed.NextDouble();

>             }

>         }

>  
>         class Program

>         {

>             static int MemoryThreshold = 1500; //M

>             static void Main(string[] args)

>             {

>                 int persize = 16;

>                 int number = MemoryThreshold * 1000 * 1000/ persize;

>                 MemoryHolderFoo[] pool = new MemoryHolderFoo[number];

>                 for (int i = 0; i < number; i++)

>                 {

>                     pool[i] = new MemoryHolderFoo();

>                     if (i % 10000 == 0)

>                     {

>                         Console.Write(".");

>                     }

>                 }

>  
>                 return;

>             }

>         }

>     }

>  


c#,memory-management,out-of-memory
51
Table Variables with an Alias in a Delete From Statement

>

> I want to delete rows from a SQL Server 2000/2005 table variable based on
the presence of other rows in the same table (delete all 0 count rows if a
non-0 count row exists with the same date). Here is a simplified example that
should only delete the row added first:

>  
>     >     declare @O table (

>         Month datetime,

>         ACount int NULL

>     )

>  
>     insert into @O values ('2009-01-01', 0)

>     insert into @O values ('2009-01-01', 1)

>     insert into @O values ('2008-01-01', 1)

>     insert into @O values ('2007-01-01', 0)

>  
>     delete from @O o1

>     where ACount = 0

>       and exists (select Month from @O o2 where o1.Month = o2.Month and
o2.ACount > 0)

>  
>

> The problem is that I can't get SQL server to accept the table variable's o1
alias (and I think an alias is required due to the "`o1.Month = o2.Month`"
matching field names). The error is:

>

>> Msg 102, Level 15, State 1, Line 11

>>

>> Incorrect syntax near 'o1'.


sql,sql-server,alias
78
Validation problem with JSP and Eclipse

>

> I have this simple JSP page in Eclipse and the first line in the file is:

>

>> <%@ page language="java" contentType="text/html; charset=UTF-8"
pageEncoding="UTF-8" %>

>

> Eclipse however, puts a yellow warning icon before this line with the
following tooltip message:

>

>> Multiple annotations found at this line:  
>  - Line breakpoint:index.jsp [line: 1]  
>  - Tag (jsp:directive.page) should be an empty-element tag.

>

> Does anyone know why this is?

>

> **UPDATE**:

>

> This is my full source script. This is basically the template that Eclipse
generates for me when I create a new JSP file based on the XHTML template. I
only slightly modified the content to make it do something 'use full'.

>

> I'm using Eclipse 3.4 (eclipse-jee-ganymede-SR1-linux-gtk.tar.gz) on Ubuntu
8.10 with the Geronimo 2.1 plug-in (I don't think that matters though). I had
this same problem with every version of Eclipse I've used so far (3.0 and up)

>  
>     >     <%@ page language="java" contentType="text/html; charset=UTF-8"
pageEncoding="UTF-8"%>

>     <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

>     <jsp:useBean id="datetime" class="java.util.Date" />

>     <html>

>         <head>

>          <title>Hello Geronimo</title>

>  
>          <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"
/>

>         </head>

>         <body>

>          <div>

>           <h1>Hello Apache Geronimo!!!</h1>on ${datetime}

>          </div>

>         </body>

>     </html>

>  


eclipse,validation,jsp
57
How do you structure your comparison functions?

>

> I frequently encounter situations, especially with sorting in C++, where I
am comparing a series of fields in order to compare a larger structure. A
simplified example:

>  
>     >     struct Car{

>         Manufacturer make;

>         ModelName model;

>         Year year;

>     };

>  
>     bool carLessThanComparator( const Car & car1, const Car & car2 ){

>         if( car1.make < car2.make ){

>             return true;

>         }else if( car1.make == car2.make ){

>             if( car1.model < car2.model ){

>                 return true;

>             }else if( car1.model == car2.model ){

>                 if( car1.year < car2.year ){

>                     return true;

>                 }

>             }

>         }

>  
>         return false;

>     }

>  
>

> My instinctive approach seems cumbersome, especially for more than 3 fields.
How would you structure this series of comparisons in C++? Do other languages
provide a more succinct or elegant syntax?


c++,coding-style,language-features,lexicographic,stdtuple
10
Is it reasonable for modern applications to consume large amounts of memory?

>

> Applications like Microsoft Outlook and the Eclipse IDE consume RAM, as much
as 200MB. Is it OK for a modern application to consume that much memory, given
that few years back we had only 256MB of RAM? Also, why this is happening? Are
we taking the resources for granted?


memory-management
15
How to retrieve text value from a list box index in C#

>

> listbox1.items[0].tostring();

>

> its the command for getting the text value of item at 0th index but i have
some list boxes in my form which are data bound to a sql database table.When
ever i use this command it gives me (System.Data.DataRowView) as a string as
output regardless of the actual text value of the listbox item at 0th
index.Plz guide


c#,.net,winforms
43
How to convert between timezones with win32 API?

>

> I have date strings such as _2009-02-28 15:40:05 AEDST_ and want to convert
it into SYSTEMTIME structure. So far I have:

>  
>     >     SYSTEMTIME st;

>     FILETIME ft;

>     SecureZeroMemory(&st, sizeof(st));

>     sscanf_s(contents, "%u-%u-%u %u:%u:%u",

>         &st.wYear,

>         &st.wMonth,

>         &st.wDay,

>         &st.wHour,

>         &st.wMinute,

>         &st.wSecond);

>     // Timezone correction

>     SystemTimeToFileTime(&st,  &ft);

>     LocalFileTimeToFileTime(&ft, &ft);

>     FileTimeToSystemTime(&ft, &st);

>  
>

> However my local timezone is not AEDST. So I need to be able to specify the
timezone when converting to UTC.


c,windows,winapi
83
P/Invoke with [Out] StringBuilder / LPTSTR and multibyte chars: Garbled text?

>

> * * *

>

> I'm trying to use P/Invoke to fetch a string (among other things) from an
unmanaged DLL, but the string comes out garbled, no matter what I try.

>

> I'm not a native Windows coder, so I'm unsure about the character encoding
bits. The DLL is set to use "Multi-Byte Character Set", which I can't change
(because that would break other projects). I'm trying to add a wrapper
function to extract some data from some existing classes. The string in
question currently exists as a CString, and I'm trying to copy it to an
LPTSTR, hoping to get it into a managed StringBuilder.

>

> This is what I have done that I believe is the closest to being correct (I
have removed the irrelevant bits, obviously):

>  
>     >     // unmanaged function

>     DLLEXPORT void Test(LPTSTR result)

>     {

>       // eval->result is a CString

>       _tcscpy(result, (LPCTSTR)eval->result);

>     }

>  
>

> * * *

>  
>     >     // in managed code

>     [DllImport("Test.dll", CharSet = CharSet.Auto)]

>     static extern void Test([Out] StringBuilder result);

>  
>

> * * *

>  
>     >     // using it in managed code

>     StringBuilder result = new StringBuilder();

>     Test(result);

>     // contents in result garbled at this point

>  
>

> * * *

>  
>     >     // just for comparison, this unmanaged consumer of the same
function works

>     LPTSTR result = new TCHAR[100];

>     Test(result);

>  
>

> Really appreciate any tips! Thanks!!!


pinvoke,stringbuilder,multibyte,lptstr
39
Zend Studio for Eclipse-- Run/Debug a PHP Web Page is not working

>

> I am using Zend Studio for Eclipse 6.1.

>

> I have all the AMP stack installed.

>

> However, when I load the ExampleProject in Zend Studio for Eclipse, and
right click on a script, choose run as-PHP web page, I got a "The Page cannot
be found" error.

>

> This is the setting I set in Eclipse,

>

>
[![](http://lh6.ggpht.com/_SDci0Pf3tzU/SajMHPj1-9I/AAAAAAAAEjk/itoOfggAuSs/s400/zend%20debugger%20error.jpg)](http://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/VZNZSaVP6oG3Bhc7HfwJlQ?feat=embedwebsite)

>

> and this is the error.

>

>
[![](http://lh5.ggpht.com/_SDci0Pf3tzU/SajMHIMoCTI/AAAAAAAAEjs/5Oca5QrVPgE/s400/the%20page%20cant%20be%20found.jpg)](http://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/y9ALHJE9SKSWINRXuWq0jQ?feat=embedwebsite)

>

> However, when I run as PHP script, I didn't encounter any error at all.


zend-studio
13
How do I use Apache POI to read a .DOC file in Java to separate images from text?

>

> I need to read a Word .doc file from Java that has text and images. I need
to recognize the images & text and separate them into 2 files.

>

> I've recently heard about "Apache POI." How I can use Apache POI to read
Word .doc files?


java,ms-word,apache-poi
10
Do you know good tutorial websites to develop a prePost in Tomcat?

>

> We want to integrate a prepost rutine in our webserver (tomcat). A filter
that will capture the post before sent to the user and add a line of code in
the html before sent to the user. We are looking for tutorial or any help on
this.


java,tomcat,jar,integration
14
How do I create a windows service with Python

>

> **This is a duplicate of [this
question](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32404/can-i-run-a-python-script-
as-a-service-in-windows-how). Please close.**

>

>> I really need my python program to run as a windows service. How can I do
this?


python,windows,service
53
How do you clone an Array of Objects in Javascript

>

> ...where each object also have references to other objects within the same
array? When I first came up with this problem I just though of something like

>  
>     >     var clonedNodesArray = nodesArray.clone()

>  
>

> would exists and searched for info on how cloning objects in javascript. I
did find a [question](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/122102/what-is-the-
most-efficent-way-to-clone-a-javascript-object) on StackOverflow (answered by
the very same John Resig) and he pointed out that with jQuery you could do

>  
>     >     var clonedNodesArray = jQuery.extend({}, nodesArray);

>  
>

> to clone an object. I tried this though, this only copies the references of
the objects in the array. So if I

>  
>     >     nodesArray[0].value = "red"

>     clonedNodesArray[0].value = "green"

>  
>

> the value of both nodesArray[0] and clonedNodesArray[0] will turn out to be
"green". Then I tried

>  
>     >     var clonedNodesArray = jQuery.extend(true, {}, nodesArray);

>  
>

> which deep copies an Object, but I got "_too much recursion_" and "_control
stack overflow_" messages from both Firebug and Opera Dragonfly respectively.

>

> How would you do it? Is this something that shouldn't even be done? Is there
a reusable way of doing this in javascript?


javascript
92
C# Threading Patterns - is this a good idea?

>

> I was playing with a project of mine today and found an interesting little
snippet, given the following pattern, you can safely cleanup a thread, even if
it's forced to close early. My project is a network server where it spawns a
new thread for each client. I've found this useful for early termination from
the remote side, but also from the local side (I can just call `.Abort()` from
inside my processing code).

>

> Are there any problems you can see with this, or any suggestions you'd make
to anyone looking at a similar approach?

>

> Test case follows:

>

> * * *

>  
>     >     using System;

>     using System.Threading;

>  
>     class Program

>     {

>      static Thread t1 = new Thread(thread1);

>      static Thread t2 = new Thread(thread2);

>  
>      public static void Main(string[] args)

>      {

>       t1.Start();

>       t2.Start();

>       t1.Join();

>      }

>  
>      public static void thread1() {

>       try {

>        // Do our work here, for this test just look busy.

>        while(true) {

>         Thread.Sleep(100);

>        }

>       } finally {

>        Console.WriteLine("We're exiting thread1 cleanly.\n");

>        // Do any cleanup that might be needed here.

>       }

>      }

>  
>      public static void thread2() {

>       Thread.Sleep(500);

>       t1.Abort();

>      }

>     }

>  
>

> For reference, without the try/finally block, the thread just dies as one
would expect.


c#,.net,multithreading
10
In my WPF project installer, how do I bundle the .NET3.5 installer?

>

> I developed some WPF projects, but I met a very serious issue. As you know,
the .Net 3.5 installation is a pain (huge and relying on internet access).
This is a problem on when we ship my product. Is there a way to bundle the
redistribution part only?


.net,wpf,windows,installer
80
How do you overcome the html form nesting limitation?

>

> I know that xhtml doesn't support nested form tags and I have already read
other answers  
>  here in stackoverflow regarding this subject, but I still haven't figured
out an elegant solution to the problem.

>

> Some say you don't need it and that they can't think of a scenario were this
would be needed. Well, personally I can't think of a scenario that I HAVEN'T
needed it.

>

> Let's see a very simple example:

>

> You are making a blog app and you have a form with some fields for creating
a new post and a toolbar with "actions" like "Save", "Delete", "Cancel".

>  
>     >     <form  
>
action="/post/dispatch/too_bad_the_action_url_is_in_the_form_tag_even_though_conceptually_every_submit_button_inside_it_may_need_to_post_to_a_diffent_distinct_url"  
>     method="post">  
>  
>         <input type="text" name="foo" /> <!-- several of those here -->  
>         <div id="toolbar">

>             <input type="submit" name="save" value="Save" />

>             <input type="submit" name="delete" value="Delete" />

>             <a href="/home/index">Cancel</a>

>         </div>

>     </form>

>  
>

> Our objective is to write the form in a way that _doesn't require
javascript_, just plain old html form and submit buttons.

>

> Since the action url is defined in the Form tag and not in each individual
submit button, our only option is to post to a generic url and then start
"if...then...else" to determine the name of the button that was submitted. Not
very elegant, but our only choice, since we don't want to rely on javascript.

>

> The only problem is that pressing "Delete", will submit ALL the form fields
on the server even though the only thing needed for this action is a Hidden
input with the post-id. Not very big deal in this small example, but I have
forms with hundreds (so to speak) of fields and tabs in my LOB applications
that (because of requirements) have to submit everything in one-go and in any
case this seems very inefficient and a waste. If form nesting was supported, I
would at least be able to wrap the "Delete" submit button inside it's own form
with only the post-id field.

>

> You may say "Just implement the "Delete" as a link instead of submit". This
would be wrong in so many levels, but most importantly because Side-effect
actions like "Delete" here, should never be a GET request.

>

> So my question (particularly to those that say they haven't needed form
nesting) is What do YOU do? Is there any elegant solution that I'm missing or
the bottom line is really "Either require javascript or submit everything"?


html,forms,nesting
68
syntax error in Regular expression to match link url

>

> I have the following method in some nemerle code:

>  
>     >     private static getLinks(text : string) : array[string] {

>          def linkrx = Regex(@"<a\shref=['|\"](.*?)['|\"].*?>");

>          def m = linkrx.Matches(text);

>          mutable txmatches : array[string];

>          for (mutable i = 0; i < m.Count; ++i) {

>           txmatches[i] = m[i].Value;

>          }

>          txmatches

>         }

>  
>

> the problem is that the compiler for some reason is trying to parse the
brackets inside the regex statement and its causing the program to not
compile. If i remove the @, (which i was told to put there) i get an invalid
escape character error on the "\s"

>

> Heres the compiler output:

>  
>     >     NCrawler.n:23:21:23:22: ←[01;31merror←[0m: when parsing this `('
brace group

>     NCrawler.n:23:38:23:39: ←[01;31merror←[0m: unexpected closing bracket
`]'

>     NCrawler.n:22:57:22:58: ←[01;31merror←[0m: when parsing this `{' brace
group

>     NCrawler.n:23:38:23:39: ←[01;31merror←[0m: unexpected closing bracket
`]'

>     NCrawler.n:8:1:8:2: ←[01;31merror←[0m: when parsing this `{' brace group

>     NCrawler.n:23:38:23:39: ←[01;31merror←[0m: unexpected closing bracket
`]'

>     NCrawler.n:23:38:23:39: ←[01;31merror←[0m: unexpected closing bracket
`]'

>  
>

> (line 23 is the line with the regex code on it)

>

> What should I do?


regex,nemerle
11
How do I port forward a MediaTemple server to redirect a port to a directory?

>

> I've just become a proud owner of a MediaTemple virtual-dedicated server. My
question is: How can I forward a port to redirect it to a directory? For
example, I would like to redirect port `6783` (e.g.,
`http://www.imagreedybastard.com:6783`) to the directory
`/usr/directories/admin/`


configuration,mediatemple
13
How to implement data structures like stack/queue in VHDL?

>

> How can I simulate the behavior of a stack or a queue in VHDL? Any pointers?

>

> I had thought of using some thing like logical shift operation of bits but
how to check the constraints of stack being empty or the case of stack
overflow?


vhdl
9
asp.net membership db changes not committing

>

> When a user registers, I set the IsApproved value to false until later.
After "approval" I set the users .IsApproved=true. However, the change does
not get committed to db. It does show change in debugging. Any ideas?


asp.net,asp.net-membership
36
Understanding JavaScript - Resource

>

> Using the tiny Diggit/Blog feature of StackOverflow described
[here](http://stackoverflow.com/about):

>

> I would like to post the following Google tech talk video I have just saw
and that I found quite interesting.

>

> I have always had problems understanding javascript "nature".

>

> Here, the [JavaScript good
parts](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQVTIJBZook) are described by Douglas
Crockford

>

> I hope you find this link useful.

>

> Now the question part:

>

> What are your complaints about javascript? Do you use an IDE for javascript
editting? Do you think this video helps to understand the "good parts"?


javascript,video
10
What is the benefit to validating email address at registration?

>

> After user registers, i send an email with a guid link which user clicks to
validate the registration. So it confirms the email exists, but how does that
help fight spammers? Cant bots 'click' same link back to the site and validate
registration just the same? Its late, maybe im missing something.


validation,website,user,registration
38
best practice for backing up cvs repository?

>

> Some of our projects are still on cvs. We currently use tar to backup the
repository nightly.

>

> Here's the question: best practice for backing up a cvs repository?

>

> Context: We're combining a several servers across the country onto one
central server. The combined repsitory size is 14gb. (yes this is high, most
likely due to lots of binary files, many branches, and the age of the
repositories).

>

> A 'straight tar' of the cvs repository yields ~5gb .tar.gz file. Restoring
files from 5gb tar files will be unwieldy. Plus we fill up tapes quickly.

>

> How well does a full-and-incremental backup approach, i.e. weekly full
backup, nightly incremental backups? What open source tools solve this problem
well? (e.g. Amanda, Bacula).

>

> thanks,

>

> bill


version-control,backup,cvs
13
Making forms in Rails

>

> So far I've built a simple form for a user using the `form_for` method to
wrap around my user model.

>

> But if I'm going to create a form now which doesn't doesn't map directly to
any particular model, should I still be using `form_for`?


ruby-on-rails,forms,web-applications
88
How to use an anchor link and scroll at the same time?

>

> Here for some help again :)

>

> I've got this site: sharemyplaylists.com

>

> that uses this scrolling plugin to smoothly bring the user to an anchor when
clicked, here is the code:

>  
>     >     // Smooth anchor link script

>     $(document).ready(function()

>     {

>        $('a[href*=#]').click(function()

>        {

>         if (location.pathname.replace(/^\//,'') ==
this.pathname.replace(/^\//,'')

>              && location.hostname == this.hostname)

>           {

>              var $target = $(this.hash);

>              $target = $target.length && $target

>                 || $('[name=' + this.hash.slice(1) +']');

>  
>              if ($target.length)

>              {

>                 var targetOffset = $target.offset().top;

>                 $('html,body')

>                    .animate({scrollTop: targetOffset}, 1000);

>                 return false;

>              }

>           }

>        });

>     });

>  
>     // open panel on click script

>     $(".btn-slide").click(function()

>     {

>        $("#panel").slideToggle("slow");

>        $(this).toggleClass("active"); return false;

>     });

>  
>

> Anyway, I also have a button "Submit your playlist" that opens the top panel
to reveal a form in the sidebar and when I click this, it just opens the panel
(meaning I am not brought up to the top anchor also). It's like the 2 bits of
code are conflicting and only one script will work. Any ideas on how to Click
the "Submit your playlist" in the sidebar, bring the user to the top header
anchor and open the panel also in one click?

>

> Cheers, Keith


javascript,jquery
7
Where are downloaded sound files saved?

>

> When I download a sound file in my iPhone, in which directory is it stored?


iphone
135
Multi level queue design

>

> I am designing a system to deal with an external web service. The service
limits the number of requests that can be made over a certain period of time
(T). The system allows for the batching of a certain number of requests (R).
There are a certain number of operations that the service supports (O).

>

> My code will process an unknown number of requests from users (I really have
no idea at this point, could be one request a day, could be thousands a
second, I need to build it with the assumption of thousands a second though).
These results will be cached in a database for a period of time. When the
database records are out of date the system will need to request the data from
the web service again.

>

> I can only access the web service via one IP address with one account (no
cheating and getting an account per operation type, or one machine per
operation type). The system will (hopefully) all run on a single server.

>

> What I am trying to do (been thinking about it on and off for a couple of
weeks without any results that I like) is come up with a system where:

>

>     * duplicate requests are merged (duplicate means they have the same
request data)

>     * user requests have priority over system requests

>     * a system request can be changed to a user request (database update is
in the queue and a user is requesting the same data)

>     * if there are not R user requests for the particular opereration then
the remainder are taken from the system requests

>     * user requests are handled in the same order that they come in (except
that once a user request is being handled R requests of the same type are
handled).

>

> So, for example, T is 1 second, R is 3, and O is 2. The following requests
come into the system:

>  
>     >     Request 1,  user,   operation A, data 1

>     Request 2,  user,   operation A, data 2

>     Request 3,  user,   operation A, data 1 <- duplicate of request 1

>     Request 4,  system, operation B, data 3

>     Request 5,  system, operation A, data 1 <- duplicate of request 3

>     Request 6,  user,   operation B, data 3 <- duplicate of Request 4

>     Request 7,  system, operation A, data 4

>     Request 8,  user,   operation A, data 5

>     Request 9,  user,   operation A, data 6

>     Request 10, user,   operation A, data 7

>     Request 11, user,   operation B, data 8

>  
>

> Once you deal with the duplicates you would get this:

>  
>     >     Request 1,  user,   operation A, data 1

>     Request 2,  user,   operation A, data 2

>     Request 4,  user,   operation B, data 3 <- promoted to user from system
(msg 6)  
>     Request 7,  system, operation A, data 4

>     Request 8,  user,   operation A, data 5

>     Request 9,  user,   operation A, data 6

>     Request 10, user,   operation A, data 7

>     Request 11, user,   operation B, data 8

>  
>

> The requests should be handled in the following order:

>  
>     >     T1 Request 1, Request 2, Request 8

>     T2 Request 4, Request 11

>     T3 Request 9, Request 10, Request 7

>  
>

> I think there will likely be 3-7 operation types. Some operation types will
have more requests than others. System requests will likely be larger in
number than user requests.

>

> Is there a common way of dealing with this sort of problem? A pattern or
technology? Am I overthinking it (unfortunatly I cannot get the usage
statistics until after it is up and running, I cannot even reasonably guess at
what they will be)?

>

> The primary things I am trying to avoid are:

>

>     * having system requests handled over user requests ( a system request
can wait for weeks, a user request must be processes as soon as it can be)

>     * not making the same request twice in the period that the data is
cached in the database


queue,message-queue
24
When should weak types be discouraged?

>

> When should weak types be discouraged? Are weak types discouraged in big
projects? If the left side is strongly typed like the following would that be
an exception to the rule?

>  
>     >        int i = 5

>        string sz = i

>        sz = sz + "1"

>        i  = sz

>  
>

> Does any languages support similar syntax to the above? Tell me more about
pros and cons to weak types and situations related.


weak-typing
7
Symbian via C#

>

> Is it posible to build programs using C# for Symbian ?


c#,mobile
21
How to use Dotnet 3.5 dll in C#2 project?

>

> I have a donet 3.5 dll which I want to use in my old C#2 project, currently
I don't want to upgrade the C#2 project.

>

> I added the dll as a reference in the c#2 project and everything was wokring
fine.

>

> The problem appeared when I want to use method takes
`System.Func&lt;int,int,IEnumerator&lt;string&gt;&gt;` as argument so the
compiler does not know anything about it as it requires `System.Core`
assembly, so adding `System.Core` assembly will solve the problem ? is there
better solution?


.net-3.5,c#-2.0
27
Changing Variable Names in Vim

>

> I am trying to read a lot of c/perl code through vim which contain many
single letter variable names.

>

> It would be nice to have some command which could help me change the name of
a variable to something more meaningful while I'm in the process of reading
the code so that I could read the rest of it faster.  
>  Is there some command in vim which could let me quickly do this.

>

> I dont think regexes would work cos  
>  1) the same single letter name might have different purposes in different
scoping blocks  
>  2) the same combination of letters could part of another larger var name,
or in a string or comment .. would not want to modify those

>

> Any known solutions??


vim,variables,refactoring
19
problem with setting formula in column

>

> I have problem with setting the formula in particular field.I am using sql
database have been added from->add new item->sql database.I have orders table
with following field ordernum primary key orderdate smalldatetime, custemail
varchar(50), subtotal money, salestax money, shipping money, total
AS(subtotal+salestax+shipping)

>

> How to set this total formula,there is no datatype mentioned in total field.

>

> Thanks, Habib


sql,sql-server
16
Web History: Early examples of collapsing and expanding content in an essay

>

> I vaguely remember that in the early days of the browser, one notion of what
hypertext could be used for was a "zoom in" detail for academic essays: if you
wanted a brief overview, you'd take the outermost level, and if you wanted to
delve, you would click something and more sentences would appear.

>

> I know this sounds trivial and now, but in the mid-1990s it was thought-
provoking. Has anyone seen any web fossils like this lying around, ideally
still live on the web somewhere?


history
33
What is the best alternative for QueryString

>

> We heard a lot about the vulnerabilities of using QueryStrings and the
possible attacks. Aside from that, yesterday, an error irritated me so much
that i just decide to stop using QueryStrings, i was passing something like:

>  
>     >     Dim url As String = "pageName.aspx?type=3&st=34&am=87&m=9"

>  
>

> I tried to

>  
>     >     Response.Write(url)

>  
>

> in the redirecting page, it printed the "type" as 3, then i tried it in the
target page, it printed 3,0....i know this can be easily dealt with, but why?
i mean why should i pass 3 and have to check for 3.0 in the next page's load
to take my action accordingly???

>

> So what should we use? what is the safest way to pass variables,
parameters...etc to the next page?


asp.net,vb.net,query-string,page-lifecycle
222
What is the best way to encapsulate Linq to SQL data access?

>

> I've been trying to encapsulate the object mapping in a projects data
repository. Perhaps EF will provide the level of abstraction required but for
a range of reasons I am using Linq to SQL at the moment. The following code
aims to return the users in the database as a list of ModUser objects, where
ModUser is POCO that the repository exposes:

>  
>     >     public List<ModUser> GetUsers() {

>         Users.Select(MapUser).ToList();

>     }

>  
>     public Expression<Func<User, ModUser>> MapUser {

>         get {

>             return u => new ModUser() {

>                 UserId = u.User_Id,

>                 UserResources = u.Resources(MapResource)

>             }

>         }

>     }

>  
>     public Expression<Func<Resource, ModResource>> MapResource { ...

>  
>

> The code will fail as I can't call the MapResource expression since I am
trying to call it from inside another expression. I have managed to get around
this by replacing 'MapResource' with u => new ModResource(), then using the
ExpressionVisitor to find this placeholder node and replace it with the
MapResource expression.

>

> I also have similar issues when I try to assign a property of ModUser with
an expression involving a single property, i.e. UserResource = MapResource. I
have managed to get around this second issue by manually combining the
expressions required using the methods on the Expression class.

>

> I do realise that I could change the code above to

>  
>     >     UserResources = u.Resources(r => MapResource.Compile().Invoke(r));

>  
>

> But then the final SQL query produced will need to obtain all the attributes
of r, not just the ones needed by MapResouce, since we are now dealing with a
function. Also, should MapResouce require access to further tables on r it
won't be possible since it is being used as a function not an expression. I
could set DeferredLoadingEnabled to true but that would spawn off a multitude
of individual queries rather than modifying the main query to join with
whatever tables are required.

>

> Does anyone know if these operations are going to become easier in future
versions of .NET or am I going about this the wrong way? I really like the
Linq and Expression features, I just wish I could employ them using more
readable code.

>

> **Updated**

>

> Thought I might add some examples of how I have made the expressions more
composable. They aren't concise, but they get the job done.

>  
>     >     public Expression<Func<User, ModUser>> MapUser {

>         get {

>             Expression<Func<User, ModUser>> mapUser = u => new ModUser() {

>                 UserId = u.User_Id,

>                 UserResources = u.Resources(r => new ModResource())

>             };

>             return mapUser.MapResources(this);

>         }

>     }

>  
>     public Expression<Func<Resource, ModResource>> MapResource { ... }

>  
>  
>     public static Expression<Func<T0, T1>> MapResources<T0, T1>(this
Expression<Func<T0, T1>> exp, DataContext dc) {

>         return exp.Visit<MethodCallExpression, Expression<Func<T0, T1>>>(m
=> {

>             if(m.Arguments.Count > 1 && m.Arguments[1].Type ==
typeof(Func<DataContext.Resource, ModResource>)) { //Find a select statement
that has the sub expression as an argument

>                 //The resource mapping expression will require the Resource
object, which is obtained here

>                 ParameterExpression resourceParam =
((LambdaExpression)m.Arguments[1]).Parameters[0];

>                 return Expression.Call(m.Method, m.Arguments[0], //The first
argument is the record selection for the 'select' method

>                     Expression.Lambda<Func<DataContext.Resource,
ModResource>>(//Provide the proper mapping expression as the projection for
the 'select' method

>                          Expression.Invoke(dc.MapResource, resourceParam),

>                          resourceParam)

>                     );

>             }

>             return m;

>         });

>     }

>  
>

> So what am I doing here? Note that in this version of MapUser I don't create
the ModResource object correctly, I just create a dummy version. I then call
an expression visitor method that looks for the dummy call and replaces it
with the one I originally wanted in there. To me it seems like the expression
syntax is lacking as I am able to essentially construct the expression tree I
originally wanted, but I have to actually vist the tree to do it. Below is
another workaround I've found that deals with the singular case:

>  
>     >     public Expression<Func<User, ModUser>> MapUser {

>         get {

>             Expression<Func<User, ModResource, ModUser>> mapUser = (u,
resource) => new ModUser() {

>                 UserId = u.User_Id,

>                 UserResource = resource;

>             }

>  
>             return mapUser.CollapseArgument(MapResource, user =>
user.MainResource);

>         }

>     }

>  
>     public Expression<Func<Resource, ModResource>> MapResource { ... }

>  
>     public static Expression<Func<T0, T3>> CollapseArgument<T0, T1, T2,
T3>(this Expression<Func<T0, T1, T3>> exp, Expression<Func<T2, T1>> exp0,
Expression<Func<T0, T2>> exp1) {

>         var param0 = Expression.Parameter(typeof(T0), "p0");

>         var argExp = Expression.Invoke(exp0, Expression.Invoke(exp1,
param0));

>         return Expression.Lambda<Func<T0, T3>>(

>              Expression.Invoke(exp, param0, argExp),

>              param0);

>     }

>  
>

> In this second example I know that I can obtain the Resource data from the
User data but I can't "inline" an expression to show how to do this and map
the Resource data to a resource POCO. But I can manually create an expression
tree that is given an already mapped resource POCO and use it. I can then
create another expression that shows how to obtain the resource raw data from
the user and a final expression that shows how to map the raw resource data
into a resource POCO. It is now conceivable that I can combine all of this
information into a single expression tree in a way that "collapses" out the
resource specific parameter since I can obtain it from the primary user
parameter. This is what the code above does.

>

> So I've found ways to make expressions highly composable... It just doesn't
feel clean.


.net,linq-to-sql,design-patterns,lambda,expression-trees
23
Best branching strategy when doing continuous integration?

>

> What is the best branching strategy to use when you want to do continuous
integration?

>

>     1. _Release Branching:_ develop on trunk, keep a branch for each
release.

>     2. _Feature Branching:_ develop each feature in a separate branch, only
merge once stable.

>

> Does it make sense to use both of these strategies together? As in, you
branch for each release but you also branch for large features? Does one of
these strategies mesh better with continuous integration? Would using
continuous integration even make sense when using an unstable trunk?


svn,version-control,continuous-integration,branch
32
Best way to display model data in a master layout in an MVC framework

>

> I have a simple rails app that uses a master layout for all pages. I would
like to have a footer in this layout that displays data from the model, so
that you can see the data no matter what page you are on.

>

> Currently I have only a single controller, with a few very simple views that
are rendered into the layout with no action methods defined in the controller.
The layout has something like:

>  
>     >     <div id="footer"><%= controller.get_data %></div>

>  
>

> Where `get_data`, of course, just pulls the data from the model. This seems
like a poor way to do this because I can't add more controllers without
breaking the layout.

>

> My question is: what is the best way to retrieve data from the model to be
displayed in the main layout when the request could be handled by any
controller rendering any view into that layout? Where should get_data be
defined, or what would be a cleaner way to handle this?


ruby-on-rails,model-view-controller
43
Vim copy and paste

>

> My previous question seems to be a bit ambiguous, I will rephrase it:

>

> I have a file like this:

>  
>     >     copythis abc

>     replacethis1 xyz

>     qwerty replacethis2

>     hasfshd replacethis3 fslfs

>     And so on...

>  
>

> NOTE: replacethis1, replacethis2, replacethis3, ... could be any words

>

> How do I replace "replacethis1","replacethis2","replacethis3",.. word by
"copythis" word by using minimum vim commands. One way I can do is by:

>

> step 1) delete "replacethis1","replacethis2","replacethis3",.. by using 'dw'
step 2) copy "copythis" using 'yw' step 3) move cursor to where "replacethis1"
was and do 'p'; move cursor to where "replacethis2" was and do 'p' and so
on...

>

> Is there a better way to do this in VIM (using less number of vim commands)?


vim,replace,copy-paste
9
What Linux Package Manager would you recommend

>

> Can anyone suggest me a good and simple package management system on Linux?
It's for my project study and I would prefer a package manager based on
symbolic links.


packages,package-managers
12
What are the differences between a multidimensional array and an array of arrays in C#?

>

> What are the differences between multidimensional arrays `double[,]` and
array-of-arrays `double[][]` in C#?

>

> If there is a difference, what is the best use for each one?


c#,multidimensional-array
63
Binding an image to a dom element

>

> I am trying to make an update function for a webcam. What it does so far is
make an ajax call and serve the Url of the image. I have some problem binding
the result (after the image is loaded) to the dom element (ccam).

>  
>     >     function update() {

>       $('#loading').show('fast');  
>  
>       $.ajax({

>         type: 'POST',

>         url: 'cam.php',

>         data: 'img=<? echo $cam_id; ?>',

>         timeout: 2000,

>         cache: false,  
>         success: function(data) {

>           window.setTimeout(update, 20000);

>            $('#currcam').hide();  
>            $('#daycam').show();

>            $('#loading').hide('fast');

>            $('#ccam')

>               .append(img)

>               .append(html);

>             // now show the image

>             $(img).fadeIn();

>         },

>         error: function (XMLHttpRequest, textStatus, errorThrown) {

>           $("#loading").html('Timeout contacting server..');

>           window.setTimeout(update, 60000);

>         }

>       });

>     }

>  
>     $(document).ready(update);

>  


jquery,ajax
20
Backup MySQL users

>

> How do I backup MySQL users and their privileges?

>

> Anything like mysqldump?

>

> I am looking for something like:

>  
>     >     mysqldump -d -u root -p MyTable > Schema.sql

>  


mysql,database,database-design,migration,backup
14
Using Other Programmers Custom Controls

>

> I am using Scott Mitchell's textBox Characters and Words counter control, i
downloaded it from the website <http://www.4guysfromrolla.com/> and unzipped
it to my desktop. then in VWD Express 2008, i created a new tab in the
Toolbox, i chose the *.dll from the unzipped folder, i used the control, all
is fine (try it, i recommend it) but when i backed up my code, copied the
site, and tried to run it on another computer, i got a bunch of error all
indicating that its looking for the dll file on my desktop, but when i checked
under my bin folder in my website directory, the dll is there... Help Plz...


dll,user-controls,controls,website,custom-server-controls
13
What are patches used for in SVN?

>

> I'm guessing it allows you to "save" a merge process so I could create a
patch for some Open Source project, and submit a patch so they don't have to
handle the merge themselves?

>

> When and how would you use patches in SVN?


svn,patch
10
problem occuring when i am inserting date

>

> while inserting date mysql server takes the year and day correctly but the
month is defaultly taking januavary into the database. i am using mysql server
version 5.0.22 i am inserting the date though application. the application was
developed by using Springs web mvc frame-work and Hibernate.


mysql
23
Using Clickonce with xml config files

>

> I have a windows forms app that I want to use Clickonce with.

>

> I want to have a custom xml files for the app.

>

> But what if I want to change it later, i.e. either replace it or update it.

>

> How would you do that with clickonce??

>

> Malcolm


xml,clickonce
36
Music transcription

>

> I'm working on a polyphonic music transcription project. I have read some
papers and gone through articles which explains similar tasks. I'am very
confused about many aspects of the problem domain. Hope someone will be able
to help me.

>

> So far I have obtained a stream of decoded audio data from a given mp3.

>

> I have understood onset detection is the first step towards transcription. .
Is there any java library available which can be used for detecting onsets.

>

> Next, detecting the fundamental frequency is also done with the use of FFT
as I have read.

>

> I want to know the use of FFT in these tasks. (I'm not familiar with FFT
much). Is it absolutely necessary to perform FFT for onset detection and F0
detection. If not what are the other ways. Can I perform the FFT on the
audiostream I have, or is there some other operation that has to be done in
order to manipulate these audio data.

>

> Thanks a lot.


java,music,fft
51
How to access instance variables from one class while inside another class

>

> I'm really new to Ruby. And by new - less than 16 hours, but my boss gave me
some Ruby code to add to. However, I found it was one giant file and not
modular at all, so I decided to clean it up. Now that I've broken it up into
several files/classes (generally speaking, 1 class per file,) I'm having
problems piecing it together for it to work again. Originally everything was
part of the same class, so the calls worked, but it looked ugly and it took an
entire work day just to figure it out. I want to avoid that for the future as
this code will grow much larger before it is done.

>

> My main issue looks like the following (simplified, obviously):

>  
>     >     class TestDevice  
>        def initialize  
>         @loghash = { }  
>         ....  
>        end  
>     end  
>  
>     class Log  
>         def self.msg(identifier, level, section, message)  
>          ...  
>          @loghash[identifier] = { level => { section => message }}  
>          ...  
>         end  
>     end  
>  
>     device = TestDevice.new

>  
>

> After that, it calls out to other class methods, and those class methods
reference back to the class Log for their logging needs. Of course, Log needs
to access "device.loghash" somehow to log the information in that hash. But I
can't figure out how to make that happen outside of passing the contents of
"loghash" to every method, so that they, in turn, can pass it, and then return
the value back to the origination point and then logging it at the end, but
that seems really clumsy and awkward.

>

> I'm hoping I am really just missing something.


ruby,instance-variables
24
Limit fetch size of Net::HTTP.request_get

>

> I want to fetch some content from a webserver using Net:HTTP, like this:

>  
>     >     url = URI.parse('http://www.example.com/index.html')

>     res = Net::HTTP.start(url.host, url.port) {|http|

>       http.get('/index.html')

>     }

>     puts res.body

>  
>

> But I need to limit the get to the first 5kb to reduce the network traffic.
How do I do this?


ruby,http,limit
33
How should validation behave

>

> In the very common scenario where you have a textbox, and some kind of
validation rule which constraints the valid entries on that textbox. How
should a failing validation affect the content of the textbox especially in
the case when there originally was a valid value entered before the invalid.

>

> Example: Imagine a form where one can enter a number between 0 and 50. The
user enteres 40. Everything is fine. But then the user goes in and changes it
to 59.

>

> Obviously IMHO the application should inform him about his mistake asap. But
what to do with the values? I think there should be a way back to the 40 as an
easy way to a valid state, but I'm not sure when and how to revert it: On
focus lost? Only on a special key/ button press?

>

> What do you think?

>

> Edit: I absolutely agree with the first two answers: changing the input
automatically is a bad idea. Yet I would like to keep the 'last valid' value
available ... Maybe a clean UnDo feature would to the trick?


design,gui,language-agnostic,validation
9
How to prevent UIView's drawRect from clearing out the paths drawn by previous drawRect calls?

>

> Everytime UIView's drawRect is called, the content drawn by previous
drawRect (using Core Graphics) is cleared out. How can I make it so that the
paths rendered from previous drawRect calls stay until I explicitly clear it?


iphone,cocoa-touch
41
WPF: Collision Detection with Rotated Squares

>

> _With reference to [this programming
game](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/505040/developing-a-robocode-type-
game-with-net-for-a-school-assignment) I am currently building._

>

> Thanks to the answers from [this
post](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/581837/wpf-getting-new-coordinates-
after-a-rotation), I am now able to find the x-y coordinates of all the points
of the rectangles (even when rotated), and Collision-Detection with Walls is
almost working perfectly now.

>

> Now I need to implement collision detection with the bots themselves (cause
obviously, there will be more than one bot in the Arena).

>

> Square-Square Collision Detection (Non-rotated) is not valid in this case
because the bots will be turned at an angle (just like I described
[here](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/581837/wpf-getting-new-coordinates-
after-a-rotation)).

>

> **So what is the best way to implement this form of Rotated Rectangles
Collision Detection in WPF?**

>

> I guess there must be some math involved, but usually it turns out that
there are functions in WPF that "calculate" these maths for you (just like in
[this case](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/581837/wpf-getting-new-
coordinates-after-a-rotation))


wpf,math,rotation,collision-detection
27
How do I create an abstract base class in JavaScript?

>

> Is it possible to simulate abstract base class in JavaScript? What is the
most elegant way to do it?

>

> Say, I want to do something like: -

>  
>     >     var cat = new Animal('cat');

>     var dog = new Animal('dog');

>  
>     cat.say();

>     dog.say();

>  
>

> It should output: 'bark', 'meow'


javascript,oop,abstract
15
Sharing Adobe Flash Projector (.EXE) over Local Area Netwrok

>

> A forthcoming project requires that a Flash projector (.EXE) be kept on a
server and accessed by multiple users over network (LAN). There will be a
central access database as a backend. I am using a third party SWF2EXE (SWF
Studio) product to have database functionality. I would like to know if
sharing an EXE file this way is practical. I know it's not a typical client-
server methodology but I can't use Server side platfrom like ASP due to lack
of resources at the client's place. Is it likely to cause any crashes if same
.EXE is launched simultaneously by network users doing a simultaneous
read/write to database (mdb)?


flash,networking,flash-player,exe,sharing
10
Tab completion interrupt for large binaries

>

> If I accidentally launch tab completion when debugging large binary, gdb
will freeze for some time scanning symbol table (up to 1 minute in my case).
So I have to wait until whole symbol table is scanned. Is there any way to
interrupt this process in gdb?


gdb,readline
45
How to cope with high frequency data?

>

> I have a C++ application which receives stock data and forward to another
application via socket (acting as a server).

>

> Actually the `WSASend` function returns with error code 10055 after small
seconds and I found that is the error message

>

> "No buffer space available. An operation on a socket could not be performed
because the system lacked sufficient buffer space or because a queue was
full".

>

> The problem arises only when I run the application after the market hours as
we are receiving the whole day data (approximately 130 MB) in few minutes (I
assume this is relatively large) I am doing so as a robustness test.

>

> I tried to increase the sending buffer SO_SNDBUF using `setsockopt` function
but the same problem still there. How can I solve this problem? is this
related to receiver buffer?

>

> Sending details:

>

> For each complete message I call the send method which uses overlapped
sockets

>

> EDIT: Can someone give general guidelines to handle high frequency data in
C++?


c++,winsock
67
Find random point along a line

>

> I'm writing a small program to help split passwords ( see below for
explanation)

>

> I have code to convert text to a int ( text-ascii binary -> dec int)

>

> so in this case the word "test" would = 1952805748

>

> Now the interesting part.(encoding the password)

>

> I would then take x1 = 1952805748 and y1 = 0

>

> then i make up a random point where x2 = 7 and y2 = 142

>

> this will draw a line between x1,y1 and x2,y2 (using Y=mx+B)

>

> I need to how find any random point along the line that these two points
create (well call that x3,y3)

>

> If anyone has any ideas i would love to hear them. Im trying to work out the
code that both points are ints ( its easier on everyone if we dont have huge
decimal points behind each number)

>

> ++ The why ++

>

> the general idea is that if you had to split up a password between two
parties that one party could possibly figure out the password based on the
string they were given

>

> if you use this method they would get a single point each and from that
single point it would be mathmaticly impossible to deterimine where the line
meets x (x=? y =0) so you could feel safe handing one set of points to your
lawyer and one to your wife

>

> they would do the math (entering it into a program) then they would get a
number that would be decode to say a password that could decrpt a file with
your will or some other sensitve document that you wouldnt want them to access
with out the other preseent


c#,.net,encryption,geometry
33
C#: How to implement good and efficient undo/redo functionality for a TextBox

>

> I have a TextBox which I would like to implement undo/redo functionality
for. I [have read](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/434658/textbox-undo-
redo-commands) that it might have some slight undo functionality already, but
that it is buggy? Anyways, I would like to implement both undo and redo
functionality also just to learn how you would go ahead and do that.

>

> I have read about the [Memento
Pattern](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memento%5Fpattern) and looked some on a
[Generic
Undo/Redo](http://www.codeproject.com/KB/cs/generic%5Fundo%5Fredo.aspx)
example on CodeProject. And the pattern kiiind of makes sense. I just can't
seem to wrap my head around how to implement it. And how to do it effeciently
for the contents of a `TextBox`.

>

> Of course I could just store `textbox.Text` when `TextChanges`, but that
would hug up quite a lot of memory pretty fast, especially if the `TextBox`
contained a lot of text.

>

> So anyways, I'm looking for some advice on how to implement a good, clear
and efficient way of implementing this functionality. Both in general and
especially for a TextBox c",)


c#,undo-redo,memento
23
side-by-side diff program that supports dragging blocks of text into windows?

>

> I'm looking for a side-by-side diff program a la xxdiff or DiffMerge that,
instead of diffing files, allows blocks of text to be dragged into either the
left side or right side window.

>

> I'm refactoring some SQL embedded in source files, and it would be nice to
drag the sql statements from each source file into the diff program instead of
having to cut and paste to files and then diff the files.

>

> Any clues appreciated, bonus for mac and linux compatibility... Thanks!

>

> **update: both winmerge and beyond do this perfectly... thanks again guys!**


sql,merge,diff
19
How to print subscripts/superscripts on a CLI?

>

> I'm writing a piece of code which deals with math variables and indices, and
I'd need to print subscripts and superscripts on a CLI, is there a (possibly
cross-platform) way to do that? I'm working in vanilla C++.

>

> **Note:** I'd like this to be cross-platform, but since from the first
answers this doesn't seem to be possible I'm working under MacOS and Ubuntu
Linux (so bash).

>

> Thank you


c++,command-line,typography,subscript,superscript
36
Can't add standard toolbox items to Default.aspx

>

> Sorry if my question is asked wrong, I am just starting to learn ASP.NET in
VS2008.

>

> I try to follow several tutorials on the web (for example
<http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa730880>(VS.80).aspx#wapp_topic5) to
create a web page:

>

>     * Create new Web Application

>     * Switch to Default.aspx, Design mode

>     * Drop a Label from the Standard Toolbox on the page

>

> If I pick the Label from the Standard toolbox category, I can't drop it on
the page. I don't know what to do now, since I do exactly what is written in
all tutorials. Am I missing something?

>

> I can place only items picked from the HTML category in the Toolbox.

>

> Thanks, Petr


asp.net
38
GCC / C how to hide console window?

>

> ****C newbie alert**** How do I compile a C app so that it runs without
showing a console window on Windows? I'm using Windows XP and GCC 3.4.5
(mingw-vista special r3). I've googled this exhaustively and I've come up with
the following which, according to what I've read, sounds like it's supposed to
do the trick, but doesn't on my system:

>  
>     >     #include <windows.h>

>     #include <stdlib.h>

>  
>     int WINAPI WinMain(HINSTANCE hInstance, HINSTANCE hPrevInstance, LPSTR
lpCmdLine, int nCmdShow)

>     {

>         system("start notepad.exe");

>     }

>  
>

> I've also tried passing the "-mwindows" argument to GCC to no avail. The
code sample launches Notepad but still flashes up a command prompt.

>

> EDIT: FWIW I have also tried ShellExecute as an alernative to system(),
although I would be happy to even get an app with an empty main() or WinMain()
working at this point.


c,windows,gcc,console
27
Delegate.CreateDelegate vs DynamicMethod vs Expression

>

> Questions about [Making reflection fly and exploring
delegates](http://msmvps.com/blogs/jon%5Fskeet/archive/2008/08/09/making-
reflection-fly-and-exploring-delegates.aspx)...

>

> If I need to create delegates `Func&lt;T, TResult&gt;` to methods on
dynamically loaded types I could potentially use (1) `Delegate.CreateDelegate`
(2) `DynamicMethod` (3) `Expression` trees.

>

> Lets say the set of dynamically loaded types/methods are reflected once at
application startup via config and used throughout the lifetime of the app
(start-up performance is not an issue and neither is memory), the delegates
are cached and dispatched to in a strongly-typed way. These delegates are hot
paths accessed concurrently.

>

> Which dynamic binding method would you prefer and why?


c#,.net,reflection,dynamic,delegates
94
Map inheritance from generic class in Linq To SQL

>

> I'm trying to map my inheritance hierarchy to DB using Linq to SQL:
Inheritance is like this, classes are POCO, without any LINQ to SQL
attributes:

>  
>     >     public interface IStage

>     { ... }

>  
>     public abstract class SimpleStage<T> : IStage where T : Process

>     { ... }

>  
>     public class ConcreteStage : SimpleStage<ConcreteProcess>

>     { ... }

>  
>

> Here is the mapping:

>  
>     >     <Database Name="NNN"
xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/linqtosql/mapping/2007">

>       <Table Name="dbo.Stage" Member="Stage">

>         <Type Name="BusinessLogic.Domain.IStage">

>           <Column Name="ID" Member="ID" DbType="Int NOT NULL IDENTITY"
IsPrimaryKey="true" IsDbGenerated="true" AutoSync="OnInsert" />

>           <Column Name="StageType" Member="StageType" IsDiscriminator="true"
/>

>           <Type Name="BusinessLogic.Domain.SimpleStage"
IsInheritanceDefault="true">

>             <Type Name="BusinessLogic.Domain.ConcreteStage"
IsInheritanceDefault="true" InheritanceCode="1"/>

>           </Type>

>         </Type>

>       </Table>

>     </Database>

>  
>

> In the runtime I get error: System.InvalidOperationException was unhandled
Message="Mapping Problem: Cannot find runtime type for type mapping
'BusinessLogic.Domain.SimpleStage'."

>

> Neither specifying SimpleStage, nor SimpleStage<T> in mapping file helps -
runtime keeps producing different types of errors.

>

> DC is created like this:

>  
>     >     StreamReader sr = new StreamReader(@"MappingFile.map");

>     XmlMappingSource mapping = XmlMappingSource.FromStream(sr.BaseStream);

>     DataContext dc = new DataContext(@"connection string", mapping);

>  
>

> If Linq to SQL doesn't support this, could you, please, advise some other
ORM, which does. Thanks in advance,

>

> Regards!

>

> Ksenia


linq-to-sql,generics,orm
24
What Mercurial DVCS hosting would you recommend for a small open source project?

>

> I'm looking around for free Mercurial hosting for a small-scale open-source
project.  
>  If you've ever used such a service, who is doing the hosting, and would you
recommend them?

>

> I know SF.net can be **[set
up](http://www.selenic.com/mercurial/wiki/index.cgi/MercurialOnSourceforge)**
to host HG repos, but it looks like a lot of trouble (for the benefit of
having a big, known, service that's unlikely to go down anytime soon).

>

> There's also the [list of free HG
hosts](http://www.selenic.com/mercurial/wiki/index.cgi/MercurialHosting) right
in Mercurial's official documentation, but I'd like to hear from those that
actually got down and dirty with it :-)


mercurial,hosting,dvcs
29
Multi-touch mouse gestures on EeePC

>

> I have an EeePC 900 running Ubuntu Intrepid Ibex. The touchpad has some
simple multi-touch gestures built in - scrolling by dragging with two fingers
instead of one for example.

>

> How would I detect multi-touch events in an OpenGL/C application?

>

> Is the touchpad on the EeePC 900 capable of handling rotational and scaling
gestures?

>

> * * *

>

> The [MPX example](http://wearables.unisa.edu.au/mpx/?q=xi2%5Fsample) returns
with `Only found one master pointer.` and the suggested `xinput --create-
master "ImPS/2 Logitech Wheel Mouse"` isn't recognised by xinput. So is the
multi-touch scrolling behaviour built-in at a lower level?


opengl,multi-touch,eeepc
12
Northwind Starters Kit

>

> Is the Northwind Starter Kit from Codeplex a good starting point to learn
more about how to best architect an ASP.NET application?

>

> Is there something similar for the AdventureWorks database examples?


asp.net,visual-studio-2008,sql-server-2008,adventureworks
16
do you know where to download GWT components and widgets?

>

> do you know where to download GWT components and widgets?

>

> thanks.

>

> by the way, where do i need to put the GWT components & widgets in my
project?


gwt
60
Report Output Export File Name Issue in CRM 4.0

>

> We have recently upgraded our CRM system from 3.0 to 4.0. Since then we are

>

> having troubles with our reports.

>

> Whenever we export the report to excel format, the file which is created in

>

> CRM 4.0 has name as some "GUID".xls. Not just the name of the file, the
sheet

>

> contianing the output also has GUID as the name. This applies to other

>

> formats also (output file name contains GUID).

>

> I can save the rename the file as something else. But we have subscriptions

>

> over most of our reports which sends out excel output of the report to a set

>

> of ppl.

>

> Instead of uploading the RDL from CRM 4.0, if i can upload the report to

>

> some other SSRS folder and give a link, it will work. But we dont want to do

>

> it.

>

> Can anyone help me with this?

>

> Thanks


reporting-services,report,dynamics-crm,dynamics-crm-4
20
GET or POST, which method to use for submitting a form?

>

> I'm writing a web form for my Ruby on Rails app. The form has a text field,
some checkboxes, a set of radio buttons and two text boxes.

>

> What are the pluses and minuses of using GET over POST and vice versa. I
always thought you should use GET for retrieving the form and POST for
submitting, but I've just learnt you can do both. Does it really make a
difference? Cheers.

>  
>     >     <% form_tag({ :action => "create" }, :method => "get") do %>

>  


ruby-on-rails,http,forms,webforms
49
Can I have a cross-platform cross-technology solution?

>

> We have an old application which has a _FORTRAN_ API to be called from other
applications. After some time they built a _( C )_ wrapper for the _FORTRAN_
API.Then I'm now building a _c++_ wrapper , with a little data handling , for
the _C_ API.

>

> **So I'm thinking what is the best way of building an API that can be called
from any programming language.**

>

> Now I'm planning to bulde RPC server from my c++ API. Then any client using
any programming language can call it.

>

> I found that the **XML-RPC** is a good one. But it needs **HTTP server** for
connection.

>

> The problem is that the applications that call our API are desktop
applications.And I found that XML-RPC can not manipulate _complex objects_.

>

> Is **SOAP** a good solution? Can the client side be easily implemented?

>

> **So what is the best technical solution for my situation? Which technology
should I use?**

>

> _comment_: I do not have a permission for changing the Fortran API and the C
API. And I need the c++ API because I'm adding to it new methods , and
enhancing the code so the user can call the methods easily.

>

> Best Regards,


c++,soap,rpc,xml-rpc
40
Help required with ancient, unknown storage system

>

> Morning all,

>

> I've gone and told a customer I could migrate some of their old data out of
a DOS based system into the new system I've developed for them. However I said
that without actually looking at the files that stored the data in the old
system - I just figured a quick google would solve all the problem for me... I
was wrong!

>

> Anyway, this program has a folder with hundreds... well 800 files with all
sorts of file extensions, .ave, .bak, .brw, .dat, .001, .002...., .007, .dbf,
.dbe and .his.

>

> .Bak obviously isn't a SQL backup file.

>

> Does anyone have any programming experience using any of those file types
who may be able to point me in the direction of some way to read and extract
the data?

>

> I cant mention the program name for the reason that I don't think the
original developer will allow this...

>

> Thanks.


database,dos,legacy,file-format,flat-file
31
Is friendship inherited in C++?

>

> Suppose I have a `Base` class:

>  
>     >     class Base {

>         friend SomeOtherClass;

>     };

>  
>

> And there is another (different) class that inherits from `Base`:

>  
>     >     class AnotherClass : public Base {}

>  
>

> Is friendship inherited as well?

>

> Thank you


c++,inheritance,friendship
23
How to use procedure parameters in merge statement

>

> i'm creating a procedure to update/insert a table using merge
statement(upsert).now i have a problem: using procedure parameters i have to
do this upsert.

>

> procedure xyz( a in table.a%type,b in table.b%type,....) is some local
variables; begin merge into target_table using source_table --**instead of the
source table, i have to use procedure parameters here** on (condition on
primary key in the table) when matched then update the table when not matched
then insert the table ; end xyz; so how to use procedure parameters instead of
source table in merge statement?? or suggest me a query to fetch the procedure
parameters and use it as source table values.

>

> help me please. Thanks in advance.


stored-procedures,plsql,parameters,upsert
114
How to sort a date array in PHP

>

> I have an array in this format:

>  
>     >     Array

>     (

>         [0] => Array

>             (

>                 [28th February, 2009] => 'bla'

>             )

>  
>         [1] => Array

>             (

>                 [19th March, 2009] => 'bla'

>             )

>  
>         [2] => Array

>             (

>                 [5th April, 2009] => 'bla'

>             )

>  
>         [3] => Array

>             (

>                 [19th April, 2009] => 'bla'

>             )

>  
>         [4] => Array

>             (

>                 [2nd May, 2009] => 'bla'

>             )

>  
>     )

>  
>

> I want to sort them out in the ascending order of the dates (based on the
month, day, and year). What's the best way to do that?

>

> Originally the emails are being fetched in the MySQL date format, so its
possible for me to get the array in this state:

>  
>     >     Array

>     [

>         ['2008-02-28']='some text',

>         ['2008-03-06']='some text'

>     ]

>  
>

> Perhaps when its in this format, I can loop through them, remove all the
`'-'` (hyphen) marks so they are left as integars, sort them using
`array_sort()` and loop through them yet again to sort them? Would prefer if
there was another way as I'd be doing 3 loops with this per user.

>

> Thanks.

>

> Edit: I could also do this:

>  
>     >     $array[$index]=array('human'=>'28 Feb, 2009',

>                        'db'=>'20080228',

>                        'description'=>'Some text here');

>  
>

> But using this, would there be any way to sort the array based on the 'db'
element alone?

>

> Edit 2: Updated initial var_dump


php,arrays,arraylist,associative-array,sorting
19
Get a list of Com Objects in ASP

>

> a task at my hand requires me to move an ASP application from one server to
another. For this, I need two command line tool like stuff to know the
following info.

>

>     1. Get the list of com objects used in this asp project.

>     2. Get the list of registered com objects in my existing server.

>

> Any Idea ?


com,command-line
53
LINQ multiple where clause

>

> I have a course table which I need to search based on keywords typed in the
search box. Here is a sample query:

>  
>     >     SELECT * FROM Courses WHERE

>     Title LIKE '%word%' OR Title LIKE '%excel%' OR

>     Contents LIKE '%word%' OR Contents LIKE '%excel%'

>  
>

> How can I convert this in LINQ where LINQ would dynamically generate WHERE
statements based on each keywords.

>

> I tried to user PredicateBuilder it works fine as long as the field is
VARCHAR. For the "TEXT" fields the quotes are not generated thus causing
compiler to give an error message. Here is the SQL generated by
PredicateBuilder

>  
>     >     SELECT [t0].[CoursesID], [t0].[Title], [t0].[Contents],
[t0].[Active],

>     FROM [dbo].[Courses] AS [t0]

>     WHERE ([t0].[Title] LIKE '%word%') OR ([t0].[Contents] LIKE %word%) OR

>     ([t0].Title] LIKE '%excel%') OR ([t0].[Contents] LIKE %excel%)

>  
>

> Notice there is no single Quote for the "Contents" field which is a Text
field in the database.

>

> Is there any easy way to build WHERE statement and attach it with query?
Does anyone know how I can do this without PredicateBuilder?

>

> Thanks in advance.


linq,where-clause
9
JavaScript shells - what is the difference

>

>
[https://developer.mozilla.org/en/JavaScript_shells](https://developer.mozilla.org/en/JavaScript%5Fshells)
lists quite a few shells. What is there to choose between them.


javascript
18
C# Session management

>

> I am using a C# Webservice to log a user out. I am using the
formsauthentication.signout for the same.

>

> I am passing this webservice call through JQuery. How to I get the user to
redirect to login page? I tried the window.location = "login.aspx", it works
but if i type in another page in the secure area, it opens up again.

>

> Thanks.


c#,web-services,authentication,logout
51
How do I implement threaded comments?

>

> I am developing a web application that can support threaded comments. I need
the ability to rearrange the comments based on the number of votes received.
(Identical to how threaded comments work in [reddit](http://www.reddit.com/))

>

> I would love to hear the inputs from the SO community on how to do it.

>

> How should I design the **comments** table? Here is the structure I am using
now:

>  
>     >     Comment

>         id

>         parent_post

>         parent_comment

>         author

>         points

>  
>

> What changes should be done to this structure?

>

> How should I get the details from this table to display them in the correct
manner? (Implementation in any language is welcome. I just want to know how to
do it in the best possible manner)

>

> What are the stuff I need to take care while implementing this feature so
that there is less load on the CPU/Database?

>

> Thanks in advance.


performance,database-design,comments,query-optimization,table-structure
20
Is there any size limit for the values returned from a Stored Procedure in SQL 2005?

>

> I am trying to return Xml value from SQL Server 2005 using For Xml. Is there
any limit in the size of xml returned from SQL Server?

>

> I will be using ExecuteXmlReader to get the value in my C# code.

>

> Also, is there any limit on the data that can hold in an XmlReader?

>

> Any thoughts...


c#,sql-server,sql-server-2005
50
"Getting started" questions for NUnit (or NUnitLite) and .NET CF

>

> I have an existing VS 2005 Std .NET Compact Framework application that I
want to do some major refactorings on. Currently there is no unit testing in
place, but I want to add this before messing with the code. I have no
practical experience with unit testing, even though I know the theory (just
never got around actually implementing it; I know: shame on me :-)) Here are
some questions I am pondering at the moment:

>

> a) As a beginner, should I use NUnit or NUnitLite (which claims to be easier
to use)?

>

> b) Should I aim for running the tests on the mobile device or on the desktop
(except for device-specific code of course)? Currently the desktop looks more
appealing, especially for including the tests in automated builds...

>

> c) How is the class that I want to test usually included in the test
project? My application is a .EXE file, i.e. I can not just reference it like
a .DLL assembly from the test project (or can I? Never tried this ...). I
checked various NUnit tutorials but either found no mention of that, or one
tutorial suggested to copy and paste the class that I want to test into the
test project (yuk!). Should I link to the original source code file in my test
project? What about private methods, or dependencies on other classes?

>

> d) Should I start modifying my original code to allow better testability,
e.g. make private methods public, decouple etc.? This is a bit like
refactoring before being able to test, which does not sound good to me ... Or
is it better practice to not touch the original code at all in the beginning,
even if this means less code coverage etc.?

>

> e) Should I look into any other tools or addons that most people use?

>

> Thanks in advance for any answers (I also appreciate answers if they are
only to one or some of the above items).


unit-testing,compact-framework,nunit
32
How to add children to a LegendItem?

>

> I'm trying to add a Label to the LegendItem objects in my chart's legend,
without much success. I extended the LegendItem class, and the constructor of
the class I made is below. The problem is that the Label you see me trying to
add doesn't appear in the legend item. It's there (I can find it with
getChildByName), but it's invisible, for some reason.

>

> Is there some special way to add objects to a custom legend item? Thanks.

>  
>     >     public function LegendItemExtended() {

>         super();

>         someText = new Label();

>         someText.name = "label";

>         someText.text = "hi";

>         addChild(someText);

>     }

>  


flex,charts,legend
25
dpi settings over 96 screw up my site

>

> i noticed when the dpi is set high than 96 to like 120 my site gets messed
up using either firefox or ie7. the css basically breaks. anyone know a fix
for this?

>

> thanks

>

> ps the site is

>

> <http://www.iaddesignandstudio.com>

>

> thnx


css,dpi
9
Monitoring files/directories with python

>

> I'm looking for a cross-platform file monitoring python package? I know it
is possible to monitor files on windows usung pywin32, and there are packages
working on Linux/Unix but does anyone know about a cross-platform one?


python,file,cross-platform,filesystems,monitoring
18
Open webpage and parse it using JavaScript

>

> I know JavaScript can open a link in a new window but is it possible to open
a webpage without opening it in a window or displaying it to the user? What I
want to do is parse that webpage for some text and use it as variables.

>

> Is this possible **without** any help from server side languages? If so,
please send me in a direction I can achieve this.

>

> Thanks all


javascript,regex,parsing,webpage
67
Linker error when trying to use MPMoviePlayer

>

> On a fresh install of Xcode 3.1.2, I'm trying to use the iPhone MoviePlayer
as shown in the sample code at
<http://developer.apple.com/iphone/library/codinghowtos/AudioAndVideo/index.html#INITIATE_VIDEO_PLAYBACK_IN_MY_CODE>

>

> However, Xcode reports the following linker errors when I try to build-n-go:

>  
>     >     Building target “EOY” of project “EOY” with configuration “Debug”
— (2 errors)

>             cd /Users/ed/dev/EOY

>         setenv MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET 10.5

>         setenv PATH
"/Developer/Platforms/iPhoneSimulator.platform/Developer/usr/bin:/Developer/usr/bin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/sbin"

>
/Developer/Platforms/iPhoneSimulator.platform/Developer/usr/bin/gcc-4.0 -arch
i386 -isysroot
/Developer/Platforms/iPhoneSimulator.platform/Developer/SDKs/iPhoneSimulator2.2.1.sdk
-L/Users/ed/dev/EOY/build/Debug-iphonesimulator -F/Users/ed/dev/EOY/build
/Debug-iphonesimulator -filelist /Users/ed/dev/EOY/build/EOY.build/Debug-
iphonesimulator/EOY.build/Objects-normal/i386/EOY.LinkFileList -mmacosx-
version-min=10.5 -framework Foundation -framework UIKit -framework
CoreGraphics -o /Users/ed/dev/EOY/build/Debug-iphonesimulator/EOY.app/EOY

>     Undefined symbols:

>       ".objc_class_name_MPMoviePlayerController", referenced from:

>           literal-pointer@__OBJC@__cls_refs@MPMoviePlayerController in
MediaSupport.o

>       "_MPMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishNotification", referenced from:

>           _MPMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishNotification$non_lazy_ptr in
MediaSupport.o

>     ld: symbol(s) not found

>     collect2: ld returned 1 exit status

>               ".objc_class_name_MPMoviePlayerController", referenced from:

>                   literal-pointer@__OBJC@__cls_refs@MPMoviePlayerController
in MediaSupport.o

>               "_MPMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishNotification", referenced
from:

>                   _MPMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishNotification$non_lazy_ptr
in MediaSupport.o

>             ld: symbol(s) not found

>             collect2: ld returned 1 exit status

>     Build failed (2 errors)


iphone,xcode,linker
20
setting width of datagrid generated by Dynamic data (Entity framework, in .net)

>

> I am generating editable data grids from tables using dynamic data, however,
i am unable to set the width of the tables/grids.

>

> Can someone please point me to an article/ or suggest how i can do this?

>

> Thanks in advance.

>

> Regards. Kulu.


.net,entity-framework,width,dynamic-data
164
XML to table, how to get position() of context node to the specified ancestor(s)

>

> I have such xml:

>  
>     >     <A1>

>       <B1>

>         <C1>

>         <C2>

>         <C3>

>       </B1>

>       <B2>

>         <C4>

>         <C5>

>         <C6>

>       </B2>

>     </A1>

>     <A2>

>       <B3>

>         <C7>

>         <C8>

>         <C9>

>       </B3>

>       <B4>

>         <C10>

>         <C11>

>         <C12>

>       </B4>

>     </A2>

>  
>

> I need to transform it to table with nested rows:

>  
>     >     <table border="yes">

>     <tr>

>       <td>A1</td>

>       <td>B1</td>

>       <td>C1</td>

>     </tr>

>     <tr>

>       <td></td>

>       <td></td>

>       <td>C2</td>

>     </tr>

>     <tr>

>      <td></td>

>      <td></td>

>      <td>C3</td>

>     </tr>

>     <tr>

>      <td></td>

>      <td>B2</td>

>      <td>C3</td>

>     </tr>

>     <tr>

>      <td></td>

>      <td></td>

>      <td>C4</td>

>     </tr>

>  
>

> A and B appear only if they are new (not repeating in every row);

>

> I'm trying to use position()

>  
>     >     <xsl:template match="c">

>      <tr>

>       <td>

>        <xsl:if test="IT IS THE FIRST C IN A">

>          <xsl:value-of select="ancestor::A"/>

>        </xsl:if>

>       </td>

>       <td>

>        <xsl:if test="position(1)">

>        <xsl:value-of select="parent"/>

>        </xsl:if>

>       </td>

>       <td>

>         <xsl:value-of select="."/>

>       </td>

>      </tr>

>     </xsl:template>

>  
>

> It seems that we should emulate position() for ancestor. Is there a general
solution for any number of nested rows?


xslt
34
How to open a command terminal in Linux?

>

> I want to open the terminal (command prompt) on a Linux machine using Java
code. I know how to open command prompt in windows.The following code i have
used in windows

>  
>     >     String command= "cmd c/start cmd.exe"

>     Runtime rt = Runtime.getRuntime();

>     Process pr = rt.exec(command);

>  
>

> I need the same thing in Linux.

>

> Thanks for your answers. I would like to run a sh script also.

>

> Whether the following code works.

>

> String command= "usr/bin/xterm myshell.sh"; Runtime rt =
Runtime.getRuntime(); Process pr = rt.exec(command);


java,linux,terminal
13
how to write a loop in Windbg like this?

>

> I have a type called Foo and it has a field called length. I want to write a
single loop statement in Windbg which will dump length field of all object
instances of type Foo in managed heap?

>

> thanks in advance, George


loops,windbg
9
What is the best way to generate XML from the data in the database?

>

> If I have thousands of hierarchical records to take from database and
generate xml, what will be the best way to do it with a good performance and
less CPU utilization?


c#,xml,sql-server-2005,performance
56
xpath expression for regex-like matching?

>

> I want to search div id in an html doc with certain pattern. I want to match
this pattern in regex:

>  
>     >     foo_([[:digit:]]{1.8})

>  
>

> using xpath. What is the xpath equivalent for the above pattern?

>

> I'm stuck with `//div[@id="foo_` and then what? If someone could continue a
legal expression for it.

>

> **EDIT**

>

> Sorry, I think I have to elaborate more. Actually it's not `foo_`, it's
`post_message_`

>

> Btw, I use mechanize/nokogiri ( ruby )

>

> Here's the snippet :

>  
>     >     html_doc = Nokogiri::HTML(open(myfile))

>     message_div =  html_doc.xpath('//div[substring(@id,13) = "post_message_"
and substring-after(@id, "post_message_") => 0 and substring-after(@id,
"post_message_") <= 99999999]')

>  
>

> Still failed. Error message:

>

>> Couldn't evaluate expression '`//div[substring(@id,13) = "post_message_"
and substring-after(@id, "post_message_") =&gt; 0 and substring-after(@id,
"post_message_") &lt;= 99999999]`' (Nokogiri::XML::XPath::SyntaxError)


ruby,regex,xpath
14
How can I send a ByteArray (from Flash) and some form data to php?

>

> I have a sketch pad made in Flash AS3 like this one here:
<http://henryjones.us/articles/using-the-as3-jpeg-encoder>

>

> I want to send the jpg to the server and some data from a html form field
with php. Is there a way to force the Flash movie to deliver the image file
when one presses the submit button?


php,flash,actionscript-3,input,jpeg
23
sending the message Ctrl+Alt+Del from my application

>

> I want to write a small utility in MFC which sends the Ctrl+Alt+Del message
to OS. Can any one help me how do I achieve this? I tried:

>  
>     >     ::PostMessage(HWND_BROADCAST, WM_HOTKEY, 0, MAKELONG( MOD_CONTROL
| MOD_ALT, VK_DELETE)); But this is not working.

>  
>

> Thanks.

>

> I want to send Ctrl+Alt+Del not to invoke `TaskMgr.exe`. Also, it is for my
local OS (Windows XP Service pack 2). Basically I want to use this application
to lock my machine and schedule some actions along with locking.


windows,winapi,mfc
13
How do I fix the complaint "Stack Overflow" in rebuild.exe in COBOL85, for ISAM-files?

>

> I am getting the message "Stack Overflow" while running `REBUILD.EXE` in
cobol85 under Windows XP. This command was working nicely up to Windows 98.
This command is used to recreate key file for Indexed Sequential file (ISAM).

>

> What is causing this problem? How can I work around it or fix it?


stackoverflow,cobol,isam
62
Weird apache behavior when trying to display urls without html extension

>

> I have a url that is easily accessible when you request it as:

>  
>     >         http://example.com/2005/01/example.html

>  
>         or

>  
>         http://example.com/2005/01/example

>  
>

> (I actually don't know why it works without the extension. Instead, it
should return the usual 404 error.)

>

> However, when I try to access the following url:

>  
>     >         http://example.com/2005/01/example/

>         (note the trailing slash)

>  
>

> I get a 404 Not found error but with the requested url printed as:

>  
>     >         http://example.com/2005/01/example.html/

>  
>

> So, it seems the ".html" part was automatically added by apache.

>

> My question is: how do I disable this behavior? I need to do it because I
want add mod_rewrite rules to hide the html extension, so that I can access
that url as:

>  
>     >         http://example.com/2005/01/example/

>  
>

> My apache is 2.2.9 on Ubuntu 8.10.

>

> Thanks!


apache,mod-rewrite,seo
23
Web Development .NET Best Practices

>

> Are there other example projects like the Northwind Starters kit around that
show you 'best practices' (layers, unit tests, mocking data, o/r mapping
tools, ...) in architecture of ASP.NET development?

>

> Or links to good and clear resources or documentation? (MSDN is a good
reference but no good as tutorial)

>

>     * are there example projects around addressing Visual Studio2008 and/or
the AdventureWorks database?

>

> thx, Lieven Cardoen


asp.net
24
How can I make a border-layout using css?

>

> I want to create a border layout for a webapp, where there is a fixed size
header and footer, a sidebar and a main center content that expands to fill
the remaining space. Think of it like your browser, where the toolbars and
statusbar have a fixed size, the sidebar can change size, but the website in
the center expands to fill the remaining size.

>

> edit: To clarify, I want to specify the height of the entire design in
pixels, for example 600px. Then I want the sidebar and the center divs to
expand down to fill the space available, even if their contents aren't large
enough to fill the space. The webbrowser analogy can be used here too. Even if
the page you are looking at in the browser isn't taller than the browser
window, the browser doesn't resize.

>

> Is there any way to do this in css?


css,layout
13
Best-Practices for using schemas in SQL Server (2008)

>

> I can see in the AdventureWorks database that different schemas are used to
group tables. Why is this done (security, ...?) and are there best-practices I
can find?

>

> thx, Lieven Cardoen


sql-server,schema
29
How to discover a LocalConnection connection name?

>

> I'm developing a Adobe Air application that should make use of a SWF file
using `LocalConnection`.

>

> I've never used `LocalConnection` before, but from what I understood from
the online reference, I need to specify the same connection name on both the
sender and the receiver.

>

> Since I don't have access to this component source code, how can I find out
what connection name should I use?

>

> I do have access to some JavaScript files that use the same SWF, but since I
have no experience with JavaScript I wouldn't know where to start looking for.
Could I figure something out from there?

>

> ... or am I missing something?


javascript,flex,actionscript-3,air
36
how to use a procedure parameter in a query

>

>  
>  how do i access the procedure parameters inside the same procedure using a
query  
>  for example: see this procedure

>  
>     >     procedure game(left in tab.left%type,right in tab.right%type,...)  
>     is  
>     --some local variables  
>     begin  
>     merge into tgt_table

>     using subquery --(here is what i need to use the parameters)  
>     on some condition  
>     when matched then  
>     update the tgt table  
>     when not matched then  
>     insert the table;  
>     end game;

>  
>

> In above procedure and in merge statement, i need a query such that it uses
the parameters value as a table reference and using those values it either
updates or inserts into the table based on the condition given.

>

> Help me please. Thanks in advance


sql,oracle,merge,upsert
12
Documents and Nib files: What does apple mean by "Document"?

>

> I don't understand how the term "Document" is used in objective-C and cocoa.
When I build an Application, why do I have an "Document"? That makes no sense
to me. I could have an Application like an Image Editor, wherein I can open
like 100 Images at same time. So every Image is a Document and has its own Nib
file? Can someone explain that term in a way that's humanly understandable?
Best would be a lot of examples, I think.


objective-c,cocoa
78
ssh-keygen with different user for subversion

>

> I can't figure out how to create public / private keys for other users on my
server. On my server, I type the following through the shell

>

> (uiserver):john:> ssh-keygen -t dsa

>

> After that, I enter the filenames and password, which successfully results
in a private key and public key pair for "john". Now when I use this key to
ssh into my subversion repository (sitting on john), all actions are logged as
"john". That's perfect.

>

> So next, I want to create a public /private key pair for "george" so he can
access my server. I repeated the ssh-keygen from my server. Then I gave the
private key to George. George successfully installed the key, but every time
he performs an action in the svn repository, subversion logs his actions as
"john" instead of "george". How do I get subversion to recognize the
difference between "george" and "john"?

>

> I looked in authorized_keys2 and I noticed that the final comment for both
keys is "john@uiserver". I tried editing the comment, but subversion still
can't recognize the difference between george and john.

>

> **Additional Detail**

>

> I have a half-working solution based on Juliano's answer. I went to "david"
machine (linux), made the prv/pub keys, attached pub key to john's
authorized_keys2. Perfect! SVN is logging david's changes as david.

>

> I went to "george" machine (windows xp), used puttygen to create prv/pub
keys, attached pub key to john's authorized_keys2. George can access svn, but
all his changes are still logged as john. I am trying bojo's tunnel solution
as soon as I figure out where to configure it in TortoiseSVN.

>

> **ANSWER**

>

> I used option 2 of bojo's answer. In the end, all I needed to do was add the
following line to my authorized_keys2

>  
>     >     command="svnserve -t --tunnel-user=george",no-port-
forwarding,no-X11-forwarding,no-agent-forwarding ssh-dss <george's long public
key> == meaningful comment

>  
>

> I also added the line

>  
>     >     george=george's password

>  
>

> to my /pathtorepository/conf/passwd to my subversion password file


svn,ssh-keys
20
How can i use TurboMail 3 together with TurboGears 2

>

> Hy, I want to use TurboMail3 ([website](http://www.python-
turbomail.org/wiki/3.0/BetaRelease)) together with a TurboGears
2([website](http://www.turbogears.org/2.0/)) project. Which files to I have to
modify to include TurboMail into my TurboGears project? Everything I find on
the web is for TurboMail2 and TurboGears1.

>

> The TurboMail Documentation states that there actually is a TG2 integration
but I never found documentation for it.

>

> Thanks!


python,email,turbogears
27
Internationalization with Nibs. Is that really a good idea?

>

> In the Apple Docs they say that a Nib enables internationalization by just
translating the Nib into many languages. I am thinking now about a worse but
realistic scenario: You have made a huge user interface. Then you translate
this into 25 languages. So you get 25 different Nibs. You also get a huge
redundancy in styling and defining the UI: 25 times the same stuff. Same
Bindings, same everything. Just text is different.

>

> So, I really think this is a very bad approach. Instead, I would prefer to
just link in all texts from a resource bundle or something like that. Just a
file with text strings, which is linked in at run time from the appropriate
language resource. Then you only have "trouble" linking in the text which
really doesnt make any fun. But then, you can do changes on your UI ONCE
without having to do the same step 25 times over and over again. A new Binding
in every nib. That would be so horrible!!

>

> Now, please tell me I got that wrong. Apple does not assume that we do
something so creazy?


objective-c,cocoa,internationalization
53
what is a good Pattern for using AsyncSockets in .net35 when inititiating several client connections

>

> I'm re-building an IM gateway and hope to take advantage of the new
performance features in AsyncSockets for .net35.

>

> My existing implementation simply creates packets and forwards IM requests
from users to the various IM networks as required, handling request/ response
streams for each connected users session(socket).

>

> i presently have to coupe with IasyncResult and as you know it's not very
pretty or scalable.

>

> My confusion is this basically:

>

> 1) in using the new Begin/End and SocketAsyncEventArgs in 3.5 do we still
need to create one SocketAsyncEventArgs per socket?

>

> 2) do we gain anything by pre-initializing say, 20000 client connections
since we know the expected max_connections per server is 20000

>

> 3) do we still need to use a LOH (large object heap) allocated byte[] to
handle receive data as shown in SocketServers example on MSDN, we are not
building a server per say, but are still handling a lot of independent
receives for each connected socket.

>

> 4) maybe there is a better pattern altogether for what i'm trying to
acheive?

>

> Thanks in advance.

>

> Charles.


performance,.net-3.5,sockets,asynchronous
147
How do I implement operator[] for dynamic array?

>

> I need to implement a dynamic array by myself to use it in a simple memory
manager.

>  
>     >     struct Block {  
>         int* offset;

>         bool used;

>         int size;

>         Block(int* off=NULL, bool isUsed=false, int sz=0): offset(off),
used(isUsed), size(sz) {}

>         Block(const Block& b): offset(b.offset), used(b.used), size(b.size)
{}

>     };

>  
>     class BlockList {

>         Block* first;

>         int size;

>     public:

>         BlockList(): first(NULL), size(0) {}

>         void PushBack(const Block&);

>         void DeleteBack();

>         void PushMiddle(int, const Block&);

>         void DeleteMiddle(int);

>         int Size() const { return size; }

>         void show();

>         Block& operator[](int);

>         Block* GetElem(int);

>         void SetElem(int, const Block&);

>         ~BlockList();

>     };

>  
>

> I need to overload `operator[]`.

>  
>     >     Block& BlockList::operator\[\](int index) {

>         try {

>             if (index >= size)

>                 throw out_of_range("index out of range");

>             else

>                 return (first[sizeof(Block)*index]);

>         }

>         catch(exception& e) {

>             cerr << e.what() << endl;

>         }

>     }

>  
>     void BlockList::PushBack(const Block& b) {

>         if(!size)

>             first = new Block(b);

>         else {

>             Block* temp = new Block[size + 1];

>             int i = 0;

>             for (i = 0; i < size; i++)

>                 temp[sizeof(Block)*i] = this->operator[](i);

>             delete []first;

>             temp += sizeof(Block);

>             temp->offset = b.offset;

>             temp->size = b.size;

>             temp->used = b.used;

>             first = temp;

>         }

>         size++;

>     }

>  
>

> When I use `PushBack` to push the first element, it works OK, but when it
comes to the second, third, ..., the program didn't crash, but it just shows
results I didn`t expect to see.

>

> Here is how I get the contents of my array:

>  
>     >     void BlockList::show() {

>         for (int i = 0; i < size; i++) {

>             Block current(operator[](i));

>             cout << "off: " << current.offset << " size: " << current.size
<< endl;

>         }

>     }

>  


c++,arrays,dynamic-data
54
Quickbooks: Adding a negative value to an invoice using the QBDSK

>

> Is there any way to add a line item containing a negative amount to an
existing invoice?

>

> I'm using QBSDK7 and QB Enterprise. (and if it matters .Net 3.5)

>

> What we're attempting to do is automate the way we're creating invoices.
We're already pulling in employee's time and applying it to the correct
invoices, but when we go to add credits (just a negative amount on a line item
on the invoice) using

>  
>     >     InvoiceLineMod.Amount.SetValue(-1234)

>  
>

> it fails with the error "Transaction must be positive"

>

> I've also tried adding a Service Item with a negative amount and giving it a
positive quantity and I get the same result.

>

> This seems like such a no-brainer as we have been doing this manually for
the last 10 years. I'm guessing there is artificial restriction on this.

>

> Some things to consider: Credit Memos are no good as we need to display
exact details of the reduction on the same page.

>

> We don't have payments to apply yet in most cases.

>

> This need to be done before any retainers are applied.

>

> Any help would be greatly appreciated.


quickbooks
33
Querying results of a stored procedure

>

> I have a stored procedure that returns a large number of results, and would
like a better way to debug/ parse the results than copy/pasting into excel or
whatever - is there a way to pass the results of the procedure into a query?
e.g., if the procedure call was something like:

>  
>     >     exec database..proc 'arg1','arg2','arg3'

>  
>

> my thought was to do something like:

>  
>     >     select distinct column1 from

>     (exec database..proc 'arg1','arg2','arg3')

>  
>

> which clearly did not work, or I wouldn't be here. If it matters, this is
for a sybase database.

>

> Thanks!


sql,stored-procedures,sybase
22
File upload/download problems using Internet Explorer to a Sharepoint site

>

> A cheeseburger to the first person who can help me make sense of this. I
have a page in a Sharepoint app that uses Telerik's RadUpload to upload files.
This has worked for months; last week it stopped working (in Internet
Explorer, this detail is important). After talking with a co-worker about the
problem, I tried the upload with Firefox; it worked. Not only that, all
subsequent uploads from Internet Explorer started working. Flash forward an
hour, and the aforementioned coworker, on another Sharepoint site, running on
different servers, was having problems downloading (using Internet Explorer).
Being half serious, half smart-aleck, I said 'try it in Firefox'. Not only did
that work, ALL SUBSEQUENT DOWNLOADS IN INTERNET EXPLORER WORKED! And he re-
produced this behavior on another machine. My fear is that this a browser
issue. All advice will be greatly appreciated.

>

> a


sharepoint,internet-explorer,firefox,file,upload
269
Java (J2ME) Convert Image to byte[], then back to Image

>

> I'm trying to convert an Image object to a byte array then back to an Image
(so that I can store the image in a blob object in an Apache Derby Database).

>

> I can convert an Image to a byte array (code below) but I cann't convert the
bytes back to an image. As a further complication I'm using J2ME, so I can't
use javax.image.*. Can you help?

>

> Thanks

>  
>     >     package six.util;

>     import java.awt.Image;

>     import java.awt.image.BufferedImage;

>     import java.awt.image.ImageObserver;

>     import java.awt.Component;

>     import java.awt.MediaTracker;

>     import java.awt.Graphics;

>     import java.awt.image.DataBufferByte;

>     import java.awt.image.WritableRaster;

>     import java.awt.GraphicsConfiguration;

>     import java.awt.GraphicsDevice;

>     import java.awt.GraphicsEnvironment;

>     import java.awt.image.PixelGrabber;

>     import java.util.ArrayList;

>  
>     public class ImageConverter extends Component

>     {

>  
>     private MediaTracker mediaTracker;

>     private Image image;

>  
>     private ImageConverter(Image image)

>     {

>         super();

>         this.mediaTracker = new MediaTracker(this);

>         this.mediaTracker.addImage(image, 0);

>         this.image = image;

>     }

>  
>     private BufferedImage convert()

>     {

>         /*

>          * Have to wait for image to load.

>          */

>         try

>         {

>             this.mediaTracker.waitForID(0);

>         }catch(InterruptedException e)

>         {

>  
>         }

>         System.out.println("-1");

>  
>         GraphicsConfiguration graphicsConfig =
GraphicsEnvironment.getLocalGraphicsEnvironment().getDefaultScreenDevice().getDefaultConfiguration();

>         BufferedImage bimage =
graphicsConfig.createCompatibleImage(this.image.getWidth(null),this.image.getHeight(null));

>         System.out.println("-2");

>         Graphics g = bimage.getGraphics();

>         g.drawImage(image, 0, 0, null);

>         return bimage;

>     }

>  
>     private static byte[] convertIntToByteArray(int integer)

>     {

>         byte[] bytes = new byte[4];

>         bytes[0] =(byte)( integer >> 24 );

>         bytes[1] =(byte)( (integer << 8) >> 24 );

>         bytes[2] =(byte)( (integer << 16) >> 24 );

>         bytes[3] =(byte)( (integer << 24) >> 24 );

>         return bytes;

>     }

>  
>     private static int convertByteArrayToInt(byte[] bytes)

>     {

>         return (bytes[0] << 32) | (bytes[1] << 24) | (bytes[2] << 16) |
(bytes[3] << 8) | bytes[4];

>     }

>  
>     private static byte[] convertIntArrayToByteArray(int[] integers)

>     {

>         byte[] bytes = new byte[integers.length*4];

>         for (int index = 0; index < integers.length; index++)

>         {

>             byte[] integerBytes = convertIntToByteArray(integers[index]);

>             bytes[index*4] =        integerBytes[0];

>             bytes[1 + (index*4)] = integerBytes[1];

>             bytes[2 + (index*4)] = integerBytes[2];

>             bytes[3 + (index*4)] = integerBytes[3];

>         }

>         return bytes;

>     }

>  
>     private static int[] convertByteArrayToIntArray(byte[] bytes)

>     {

>         ArrayList integers = new ArrayList();

>         for (int index = 0; index < bytes.length; index += 4)

>         {

>             byte[] fourBytes = new byte[4];

>             fourBytes[0] = bytes[index];

>             fourBytes[1] = bytes[index+1];

>             fourBytes[2] = bytes[index+2];

>             fourBytes[3] = bytes[index+3];

>             int integer = convertByteArrayToInt(fourBytes);

>             integers.add(new Integer(integer));

>         }

>         int[] ints = new int[bytes.length/4];

>         for (int index = 0; index < integers.size() ; index++)

>         {

>             ints[index] = ((Integer)integers.get(index)).intValue();

>         }

>         return ints;

>     }

>  
>     public static byte[] convertToBytes(Image image)

>     {

>         System.out.println("A");

>         ImageConverter converter = new ImageConverter(image);

>         System.out.println("B");

>         BufferedImage bufferedImage = converter.convert();

>         System.out.println("C");

>         PixelGrabber pixelGrabber = new
PixelGrabber(image,0,0,bufferedImage.getWidth(),bufferedImage.getHeight(),true);

>         System.out.println("D");

>         try

>         {

>             if(pixelGrabber.grabPixels())

>             {

>                 Object pixels = pixelGrabber.getPixels();

>                 if (pixels instanceof byte[])

>                 {  
>                     return (byte[])pixels;

>                 }

>                 return convertIntArrayToByteArray((int[])pixels);

>             }

>         }catch(InterruptedException e)

>         {

>         }

>         return null;

>     }

>  
>  
>      }

>  


java,image,byte
11
Input and output from parallel port

>

> I basically want to get the parallel port input & want to give the output
simultaneously in the c#.net without using the inpout32.dll. Can any one guide
me how to control the parallel port in c# without inpout32.dll. And how to get
input and give output parallely?? I am using data pins for the output and
control and status pins for the input, in the window OS.


c#,windows,parallel-port
17
How to insert a record into multiple tables using a trigger?

>

> I have two Tables.

>

> I want to insert the same record on both tables at the same time.  
>  I.e., while I insert a record for the first table, this same record also is
inserted in the second table using a trigger.

>

> Do you have any experience/advice in this process ?


sql-server-2005
19
Macro to wrap selected text with tags in Visual Studio

>

> I realize that I may be being a bit lazy, but does anyone know of a Visual
Studio macro, where I can select some text inside of the Visual Studio IDE,
click a button, and have it wrap the selected text with tags? It would
generate something like:

>  
>     >     <strong>My Selected Text</strong>

>  
>

> I would even be up for creating a macro, just not sure where to exactly
start!


visual-studio,ide,macros
49
Page reloading and malformed HTML problems in a XULRunner based app

>

> I am writing an application on XULRunner that displays HTML pages from the
web:

>

> I have a very simple XUL file with a in which is just a filling the window
and loading a local HTML file. In my HTML, I have an iframe to load content.
What's cool with XULRunner is that I can access the content of the iframe for
many things (display page title, images...)

>

> What's not cool at all is that, unlike what I had when my app was running in
a browser, I have two big bugs with some pages:

>

> 1) Some (many?) pages (like "yahoo.fr" have malformed HTML content,
especially for tag where the tag is not closed (the IMG tag without the /> at
the end). ==> This does not bother Firefox but in my app, XULRunner does not
decode the HTML and thus display the rough HTML source code in the page.

>

> 2) On some pages, like, for now, the home of nytimes.com, the login page of
bloglines.com and of yahoo.fr, "something" happens in the iframe that causes
the src of my tag (that is my app that SHOULD NEVER CHANGE) to change thus
closing my app. ==> I guess it may be linked to an attempt to open in another
window.

>

> Does anyone have a clue to solve these two problems? Better version of
XULRunner (I am using 1.9.1)? XUL options to prevent a page to open in new
window? Others?

>

> Thanks for your help,

>

> J.


javascript,iframe,xulrunner
18
How is the loading script on this website implemented?

>

> I found this wonderful website that have a loading bar on top of the page.
The loading bar is like the browser's loading bar, but I find it very nifty
and want to implement it as well in my pages.

>

> ![alt
text](http://www.picamatic.com/show/2009/02/28/05/27/2504915%5F236x44.jpg)

>

> <http://www.cssjockey.com/>


jquery
7
How to retrieve a webpage with C#?

>

> How to retrieve a webpage and diplay the html to the console with C# ?


c#,http
82
Why does @foo.setter in Python not work for me?

>

> So, I'm playing with decorators in Python 2.6, and I'm having some trouble
getting them to work. Here is my class file:

>  
>     >     class testDec:

>  
>         @property

>         def x(self):

>             print 'called getter'

>             return self._x

>  
>         @x.setter

>         def x(self, value):

>             print 'called setter'

>             self._x = value

>  
>

> What I thought this meant is to treat `x` like a property, but call these
functions on get and set. So, I fired up IDLE and checked it:

>  
>     >     >>> from testDec import testDec

>     from testDec import testDec

>     >>> t = testDec()

>     t = testDec()

>     >>> t.x

>     t.x

>     called getter

>     Traceback (most recent call last):

>       File "<stdin>", line 1, in <module>

>       File "testDec.py", line 18, in x

>         return self._x

>     AttributeError: testDec instance has no attribute '_x'

>     >>> t.x = 5

>     t.x = 5

>     >>> t.x

>     t.x

>     5

>  
>

> Clearly the first call works as expected, since I call the getter, and there
is no default value, and it fails. OK, good, I understand. However, the call
to assign `t.x = 5` seems to create a new property `x`, and now the getter
doesn't work!

>

> What am I missing?


python,decorator,new-style-class
9
What describes the "File's Owner" best in objective-c / cocoa Nib?

>

> Unfortunately, the explanation of File's Owner is pretty short at the Apple
docs. I know it is an proxy object. But what's really the point about that
"File's Owner" object? What is it good for?


objective-c,cocoa
21
what is message box in asp.net

>

> what in asp.net similar to message box

>  
>     >     if (s != "null")

>        MessageBox.Show("your in ");

>     else

>        MessageBox.Show("wrong user ");

>  
>

> i want to replace message box here in c# code


asp.net
16
Saving / Caching Stored Procedure results for better performance? (SQL Server 2005)

>

> I have a SP that has been worked on my 2 people now that still takes 2
minutes or more to run. Is there a way to have these pre run and stored in
cache or somewhere else so when my client needs to look at this data in a web
browser he doesn't want to hang himself or me?

>

> I am no where near a DBA so I am kind of at the mercy of who I hire to
figure this out for me, so having a little knowledge up front would really
help me out.


sql-server,sql-server-2005
28
How to store a sparse queryable matrix on disk or database?

>

> I need to store a sparse matrix on disk. It is like a database table with
millions of rows and thousands of columns, where many or most columns are
null. It needs to be queryable, like a SQL SELECT with a WHERE on some of the
columns.

>

> My specific requirement is on Java. I first thought of using [Berkeley DB
for Java](http://www.oracle.com/technology/documentation/berkeley-
db/je/index.html) to simulate a table, but then it does not support querying
based on values.

>

> Then, I thought about using a regular SQL database. For example, creating a
schema with only a Row ID, a Column ID, and the value. The virtual row will be
all the actual rows with the same ID. But then, this looks like database
abuse.

>

> Any ideas?


database-design,data-structures
56
How do you determine what bash ls colours mean?

>

> When you perform `ls` in a bash shell, sometimes there are colours to
indicate different resource types, and you can enable/control this with the
`\--color` argument.

>

> But neither the man page nor Google is providing an answer to the question:

>

> **What do these colours indicate by default, and how do I display what the
current system uses?**

>

> * * *

>

> **_UPDATE:_**

>

> Thanks everyone for answers so far, however to make it easier to pick a
winner, can anyone go a step further and provide a method to output
descriptions in the colours they apply to.

>

> Hmmm... my example doesn't work when posted (only when previewed), so if you
preview this code it'll show what I mean...

>  
>     >     <ul style="list-style:none; background:black;
margin:0;padding:0.5em; width:10em">

>       <li style="color:blue">directory</li>

>       <li style="color:aqua">symbolic link</li>

>       <li style="color:#A00000;">*.tar files</li>

>       <li style="color:white">...</li>

>     </ul>

>  
>

> Thanks.


linux,shell,ls,ls-colors
20
Can terminals detect <Shift-Enter> or <Control-Enter>?

>

> Is it possible for the terminal to detect < Shift-Enter > or < Control-Enter
> keypresses?

>

> I am trying to configure vim to do key mappings that use these sequences,
and while they work fine in gvim, they don't seem to work in any terminal
console.

>

> The curious thing is that although < C-Enter > is not detected in vim,
mapping < Enter > to < Esc > maps properly, but then pressing < C-Enter >
behaves like < Enter >!


vim,console,terminal
67
using macros for configuration

>

> I'm writing firmware in C for an embedded processor. I want to have all the
configuration information in one header file called config.h. This is causing
problems with the ADC initialization, where simple #defines won't do the
trick. Right now the code is like so:

>

> config.h

>  
>     >     #define NUMBER_OF_POTS  1

>     #define POT_1_CHANNEL  27

>  
>

> adc.c

>  
>     >     #define MAKE_CSS(channel) _CSS##channel

>     #define CALL_MAKE_CSS(channel) MAKE_CSS(channel)

>  
>     void initialize_adc() {

>        CALL_MAKE_CSS(POT_1_CHANNEL);

>     }

>  
>

> What I want to do is not have to touch adc.c if I change config.h to:

>  
>     >     #define NUMBER_OF_POTS  2

>     #define POT_1_CHANNEL  27

>     #define POT_2_CHANNEL  29

>  
>

> adc.c should just automatically add a second `CALL_MAKE_CSS` with some macro
trickery.

>

> I guess the question is: is there a trick that gives you for loop capability
with a macro?

>

> Thanks,

>

> Steve.


c,macros,hardware,configure,firmware
8
Determine the size of the records returned by a database server (Kb,Mb)?

>

> Is there a way to determine the size of the records returned by the database
server?


database,dbms
14
Dependency graph of Visual Studio projects

>

> I'm currently migrating a big solution (~70 projects) from VS 2005 + .NET
2.0 to VS 2008 + .NET 3.5. Currently I have VS 2008 + .NET 2.0.

>

> The problem is that I need to move projects one by one to new .NET framework
ensuring that no .NET 2.0 project references .NET 3.5 project. Is there any
tool that would give me a nice graph of project dependencies?


.net,visual-studio,migration,graph,dependencies
27
In php how to do session instances?

>

> I'm quite new on php and am trying to learn it.

>

> My question is rather simple but I've been a bit lost while googling for it.

>

> I just want to create an object to manage the database connection. I already
did the object and now the problem I'm facing is:

>

> How do i keep it instanced to a session? (So that i don't need to open/close
the connection to the database on every page load) And how do I call it
afterward?

>

> Are there any way to declare a destroyer, so that when the instance is
dying, the connection to the database gets closed?


php
30
sIFR seems to be loading correctly but not displaying text

>

> I'm Using sIFR 3r436, and although I believe everything is set up correctly,
and my console shows that the .swf font file is loading correctly, the HTML
type is hidden but the sIFR type is not displaying. Below is a link to the
site in question:

>

> [Schaffer's Website](http://www.schaffers.com)

>

> Below is a link to a test site that uses exactly the same sifr-config.js,
sifr.js, css, and swf files. And it works. The main difference between the two
is the server that they are running on.

>

> [Schaffer's Test
Site](http://www.designmeasure.com/clients/schaffers/website/)

>

> I'm hoping that maybe somebody can see a problem that I'm unable to.
Appreciate the help!


sifr
105
OneWay binding stops working after the target manually updated

>

> I have such WPF binding code:

>  
>     >     TestModel source = new TestModel();

>     TestModel target = new TestModel();

>  
>     Bind(source, target, BindingMode.OneWay);

>  
>     source.Attribute = "1";

>     AssertAreEqual(target.Attribute, "1");

>  
>     target.Attribute = "foo";

>  
>     source.Attribute = "2";

>     AssertAreEqual(target.Attribute, "2");

>  
>

> The second assertion fails! This seems odd for me.

>

> Also, I tried 'OneWayToSource' instead of 'OneWay', and all works as
expected.

>  
>     >     Bind(source, target, BindingMode.OneWayToSource);

>  
>     target.Attribute = "1";

>     AssertAreEqual(source.Attribute, "1");

>  
>     source.Attribute = "foo";

>  
>     target.Attribute = "2";

>     AssertAreEqual(source.Attribute, "2");

>  
>

> Other details:

>  
>     >     void Bind(TestModel source, TestModel target, BindingMode mode)

>     {

>         Binding binding = new Binding();

>         binding.Source = source;

>         binding.Path = new PropertyPath(TestModel.AttributeProperty);

>         binding.Mode = mode;

>         BindingOperations.SetBinding(target, TestModel.AttributeProperty,
binding);

>     }

>  
>     class TestModel : DependencyObject

>     {

>         public static readonly DependencyProperty AttributeProperty =

>             DependencyProperty.Register("Attribute", typeof(string),
typeof(TestModel), new PropertyMetadata(null));

>  
>         public string Attribute

>         {

>             get { return (string)GetValue(AttributeProperty); }

>             set { SetValue(AttributeProperty, value); }

>         }

>     }

>  
>

> What is wrong with my code?


wpf,binding
9
Explain about linkages(external/internal) in c++?

>

> Explain about linkages(external/internal) in c++? How does linkage differ
for a function,constant,inline function,template function ,class and template
class


c++,templates,function,inline,linkage
55
Is it legal to use the increment operator in a C++ function call?

>

> There's been some debate going on in [this
question](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/596162/can-you-remove-elements-
from-a-stdlist-while-iterating-through-it/596180#596180) about whether the
following code is legal C++:

>  
>     >     std::list<item*>::iterator i = items.begin();

>     while (i != items.end())

>     {

>         bool isActive = (*i)->update();

>         if (!isActive)

>         {

>             items.erase(i++);  // *** Is this undefined behavior? ***

>         }

>         else

>         {

>             other_code_involving(*i);

>             ++i;

>         }

>     }

>  
>

> The problem here is that `erase()` will invalidate the iterator in question.
If that happens before `i++` is evaluated, then incrementing `i` like that is
technically undefined behavior, even if it appears to work with a particular
compiler. One side of the debate says that all function arguments are fully
evaluated before the function is called. The other side says, "the only
guarantees are that i++ will happen before the next statement and after i++ is
used. Whether that is before erase(i++) is invoked or afterwards is compiler
dependent."

>

> I opened this question to hopefully settle that debate.


c++,function,standards
20
Cheap exception handling in Python?

>

> I read in an earlier [answer](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/576988
/python-specific-antipatterns/577731#577731) that exception handling is cheap
in Python so we shouldn't do pre-conditional checking.

>

> I have not heard of this before, but I'm relatively new to Python. Exception
handling means a dynamic call and a static return, whereas an `if` statement
is static call, static return.

>

> How can doing the checking be bad and the `try-except` be good, seems to be
the other way around. Can someone explain this to me?


python,exception-handling
74
How can I model complex role relationships where only certain groups of entities can take part in a role?

>

> Let's say I have to model the meals of a diner.

>

> A meal can consist of several "components":

>

>     1. (Fries OR rice OR wedges)

>     2. AND (One of six different beverages)

>     3. AND (One or two out of seven different sauces OR none at all)

>

> Another meal can consist of:

>

>     1. (Salad OR rice)

>     2. AND (Garlic OR no garlic)

>

> Further meals can consist of:

>

>     1. Just fries

>

>     2. Just a beverage

>

>     3. Just ...

>

> How can I model this? (UML, entity-relationship, code, ... whatever you can
explain best)

>

> Perhaps it helps if you know some tasks I want to perform, so:

>

>     * Allowing the customer to choose a meal first and display all remaining
"add-ons".

>     * Detecting a meal from a list of components. For example if the
customer ordered fries, a sauce and a beverage, it should be possible to
detect the meal from the first example.

>

> I've thought about dividing all components into articles and then adding
some kind of role mapping to mark "fries" as supplement to "cheeseburger",
"schnitzel", "..." but then I wondered, how I could model multiple add-ons,
optional add-ons, n-out-of-m add-ons...

>

> I hope you can help me out...


oop,model,modeling
68
Weblogic "Abandoning transaction" warning

>

> We randomly get warnings such as below on our WL server. We'd like to better
understand what exactly these warnings are and what we should possibly do to
avoid them.

>

>> Abandoning transaction after 86,606 seconds:
Xid=BEA1-52CE4A8A9B5CD2587CA9(14534444),
Status=Committing,numRepliesOwedMe=0,numRepliesOwedOthers=0,seconds since
begin=86605, seconds
left=0,XAServerResourceInfo[JMS_goJDBCStore]=(ServerResourceInfo[JMS_goJDBCStore]=
(state=committed,assigned=go_server),xar=JMS_goJDBCStore,re-Registered =
true),XAServerResourceInfo[weblogic.jdbc.wrapper.JTSXAResourceImpl]=
(ServerResourceInfo[weblogic.jdbc.wrapper.JTSXAResourceImpl]=(state=new,assigned=none),xar=
weblogic.jdbc.wrapper.JTSXAResourceImpl@1a8fb80,re-Registered =
true),SCInfo[go+go_server]=
(state=committed),properties=({weblogic.jdbc=t3://10.6.202.37:18080}),local
properties=
({weblogic.transaction.recoveredTransaction=true}),OwnerTransactionManager=
ServerTM[ServerCoordinatorDescriptor=(CoordinatorURL=go_server+10.6.202.37:18080+go+t3+,
XAResources={JMS_goJDBCStore,
weblogic.jdbc.wrapper.JTSXAResourceImpl},NonXAResources=
{})],CoordinatorURL=go_server+10.6.202.37:18080+go+t3+)

>

> I do understand the BEA
[explanation](http://e-docs.bea.com/wls/docs81/messages/TX.html):

>

>> **Error**: Abandoning transaction after secs seconds: tx

>>

>> **Description**: When a transaction is abandoned, knowledge of the
transaction is removed from the transaction manager that was attempting to
drive the transaction to completion. The JTA configuration attribute
AbandonTimeoutSeconds determines how long the transaction manager should
persist in trying to commit or rollback the transaction.

>>

>> **Cause**: A resource or participating server may have been unavailable for
the duration of the AbandonTimeoutSeconds period.

>>

>> **Action**: Check participating resources for heuristic completions and
correct any data inconsistencies.

>

> We have observed that you can get rid of these warnings by deleting the
*.tlog files but this doesn't seem like the right strategy to deal with the
warnings.

>

> The warnings refer to JMS and our JMS store. We do use JMS. We just don't
understand why transactions are hanging out there and why they would be
"abandoned"??


jms,weblogic
51
if statement switch

>  
>     >     <?php

>  
>     if ($_GET['user_id']) $content = $_GET['user_id'];

>     else $content = $_GET['content'];

>  
>  
>     switch($content) {

>  
>     //The default page

>     default:

>     include_once('main.php');

>     break;

>  
>     //The news related stuff

>     case 'news':

>     include_once('news.php');

>     break;

>  
>     //Show the profile of a user

>     case 'user_id':

>     include_once('profile.php');

>     break;

>      }

>     ?>

>  
>

> `index.php?user_id=id` won't work. Any ideas?


php
17
RegisterClientScriptBlock vs RegisterClientScriptInclude

>

> Using `RegisterClientScriptBlock` I reduce server requests. But with
`RegisterClientScriptInclude` I can separate HTML and javascript.

>

> Which method should I prefer?

>

> _EDIT:_ Additional question - where do you store your js blocks. I get used
to place them into resources files.


asp.net,javascript,registerclientscriptblock
83
Header Files in Multiple Directories: Best Practices

>

> ### I'm a C Newb

>

> I write lots of code in dynamic languages (javascript, python, haskell,
etc.), but I'm now learning C for graduate school and I have no idea what I'm
doing.

>

> ### The Problem

>

> Originally I was building all my source in one directory using a makefile,
which has worked rather well. However, my project is growing and I would like
to split the source into multiple directories (unit tests, utils, core, etc.).
For example, my directory tree might look like the following:

>  
>     >     .

>     |-- src

>     |   |-- foo.c

>     |   |-- foo.h

>     |   `-- main.c

>     `-- test

>         `-- test_foo.c

>  
>

> `test/test_foo.c` uses both `src/foo.c` and `src/foo.h`. Using makefiles,
what is the best/standard way to build this? Preferably, there would be one
rule for building the project and one for building the tests.

>

> ### Note

>

> I know that there are other ways of doing this, including autoconf and other
automatic solutions. However, I would like to understand what is happening and
be able to write the makefiles from scratch despite its possible
impracticality.

>

> Any guidance or tips would be appreciated. Thanks!

>

> ### [Edit]

>

> So the three solutions given so far are as follows:

>

>     * Place globally used header files in a parallel `include` directory

>     * use the path in the `#include` satement as in `#include
"../src/foo.h"`

>     * use the `-I` switch to inform the compiler of include locations

>

> So far I like the `-I` switch solution because it doesn't involve changing
source code when directory structure changes.


c,makefile,header-files
39
Longest path between from a source to certain nodes in a DAG

>

> How do i find the longest path from single source to all final destinations
i.e. For source i1, Give longest path between i1 -> o1 and i1 -> o2.

>

> ![alt text](http://www.freeimagehosting.net/uploads/4cc9042e21.png)

>

> The legends described in the above graph are as follows: (i1, i2) are start
nodes (o1, o2) are end nodes (1-8) are sub graphs The edges may have +ive/-ive
weights

>

> The longest paths in this network are in the following order:

>

> Worst path: i1 -> 1 -> 4 -> o1

>

> Then, all paths i1 … -> … o1

>

> Then i1 -> 5 -> 6 -> o2

>

> Need a way to ignore selection of (i1 -> 3) or (3 -> 4) subnetworks even
though they are longer than i1 -> 5


algorithm,directed-acyclic-graphs
24
How do I call a object's member function as a unary_function for std algorithms?

>

> I have a class that looks like this.

>  
>     >     class A

>     {

>     public:

>         void doSomething();

>     }

>  
>

> I have an array of these classes. I want to call doSomething() on each item
in the array. What's the easiest way to do this using the algorithms header?


c++,stl
55
Layer Supertype in ActiveRecord (Rails)

>

> I'm developing a ruby on rails app and I want to be able to excecute a
method on every AR object before each save.

>

> I thought I'd create a layer-super-type like this:

>  
>     >     MyObject << DomainObject << ActiveRecord::Base

>  
>

> and put in DomainObject a callback (before_save) with my special method
(which basically strips all tags like "H1" from the string attributes of the
object).

>

> The catch is that rails is asking for the domain_object table, which I
obviously don't have.

>

> My second attempt was to monkeypatch active record, like this:

>  
>     >     module ActiveRecord

>       class Base

>         def my_method .... end

>       end

>     end

>  
>

> And put that under the lib folder.

>

> This doesnt work, it tells me that my_method is undefined.

>

> Any ideas?


ruby-on-rails,design,activerecord
72
NUnit testing the application, not the environment or database

>

> I want to be better at using NUnit for testing the applications I write, but
I often find that the unit tests I write have a direct link to the environment
or underlying database on the development machine instead.

>

> Let me make an example.

>

> I'm writing a class which has the single responsibility of retriving a
string, which has been stored in the registry by another application. The key
is stored in HKCU\Software\CustomApplication\IniPath.

>

> The Test I end up writing looks like this;

>  
>     >     [Test]

>     public void GetIniDir()

>     {

>         RegistryReader r = new RegistryReader();

>         Assert.AreEqual(@"C:\Programfiles\CustomApplication\SomeDir",
r.IniDir);

>     }

>  
>

> But the problem here is that the string
@"C:\Programfiles\CustomApplication\SomeDir" is really just correct right now.
Tomorrow it might have changed to @"C:\Anotherdir\SomeDir", and suddenly that
breaks my unit tests, even though the code hasn't changed.

>

> This problem is also seen when I create a class which does CRUD operations
against a database. The data in the database can change all the time, and this
in turn makes the tests fail. So even if my class does what it is intended to
do it will fail because the database returns more customers that it had when I
originally wrote the test.

>  
>     >     [Test]

>     public void GetAllCustomersCount()

>     {

>         DAL d = new DAL();

>         Assert.AreEqual(249, d.GetCustomerCount());

>     }

>  
>

> Do you guys have any tips on writing Tests which do not rely on the
surrounding environment as much?


c#,unit-testing,nunit
18
MySQL: Check if the user exists and drop it

>

> There’s not standard way to check if a MySQL user exists and based on that
drop it. Are there any workarounds for this?

>

> Edit: I need a straight way to run this without throwing up an error  
>  e.g.

>  
>     >     DROP USER test@localhost; :

>  


mysql,database
23
Drawing a rectangle on a flex canvas is there a better way than 

>

> To draw a "selection rectangle" from the mouse down , mouse move then remove
it on mouse up i currently do the following:

>

> My board is a canvas, On mouse down i create a new UIcontainer i set his
borders. I update his width and height related the the mouse move position, on
mouse up i remove this child UIcontainer.

>

> Do i have to create a new component for this kind of task or there is a
better (lighter way) in flex ?

>

> Thanks,


flex,actionscript-3,geometry,canvas
59
How do I fix Postgres so it will start after an abrupt shutdown?

>

> Due to a sudden power outage, the `PostGres` server running on my local
machine shut down abruptly. After rebooting, I tried to restart postgres and I
get this error:

>

> **`$ pg_ctl -D /usr/local/pgsql/data restart`**

>  
>     >     pg_ctl: PID file "/usr/local/pgsql/data/postmaster.pid" does not
exist

>     Is server running?

>     starting server anyway

>     server starting

>     $:/usr/local/pgsql/data$ LOG:  database system shutdown was interrupted
at 2009-02-28 21:06:16

>     LOG:  checkpoint record is at 2/8FD6F8D0

>     LOG:  redo record is at 2/8FD6F8D0; undo record is at 0/0; shutdown
FALSE

>     LOG:  next transaction ID: 0/1888104; next OID: 1711752

>     LOG:  next MultiXactId: 2; next MultiXactOffset: 3

>     LOG:  database system was not properly shut down; automatic recovery in
progress

>     LOG:  redo starts at 2/8FD6F918

>     LOG:  record with zero length at 2/8FFD94A8

>     LOG:  redo done at 2/8FFD9480

>     LOG:  could not fsync segment 0 of relation 1663/1707047/1707304: No
such file or directory

>     FATAL:  storage sync failed on magnetic disk: No such file or directory

>     LOG:  startup process (PID 5465) exited with exit code 1

>     LOG:  aborting startup due to startup process failure

>  
>

> There is no `postmaster.pid` file in the data directory. What possibly could
be the reason for this sort of behavior and of course what is the way out?


postgresql,recovery
24
How do I treat two similar types as one?

>

> In VB.NET, I am trying to talk to a webservice (that can't be changed) to
create and update customer data. The CreateCustomer service expects an object
of type ConsumerPerson and the ChangeCustomer service expects an object of
type ChangeData.

>

> The properties of these two object are exactly the same, so I thought it
would be wise to just set the properties using one single function.

>

> However, I am unable to find a way to tell my function that I want to fill
either the ConsumerPerson or the ChangeCustomer object.

>

> How do I make this work without late binding problems?


vb.net,properties,types
31
'&' before the parameter name

>

> Just a quick and no doubt easy question. I'm pretty new to PHP and am
looking through some existing code. I have tried to find the answer to my
question on google, but to no avail.

>

> Can somebody please let me know what the '&' sign before the parameter $var
does??

>  
>     >     function setdefault(&$var, $default="")

>     {

>       if (! isset($var))

>       {

>         $var = $default;

>       }

>     }

>  


php,parameters
36
Problems with jquery append and json data

>

> I'm having trouble making this work:

>  
>     >     $(function() {

>         $(".button").click(function() {

>          var newentry = $("input#entry").val();

>          $.getJSON("/dictionary_request/", {entry: newentry},
function(json){

>           $("span").empty();

>           alert(json);

>           $("span").append(json);

>          });

>         });

>     });

>  
>

> The JSON request, the emptied span, and the alert all work fine, but the
append doesn't. I'm assuming it's some kind of type error. How can I make it
work?


jquery,json,append
31
Deploying DotNetNuke and separate ASP.NET Application together - Possible Issues?

>

> I am making this in a proactive attempt to head off any potential problems
which could arise from this. The situation is that we are developing an
ASP.NET application for a client which will handle the online ordering from
their customers. This application is going to be using the same database that
their current WinForms application uses (no real issue here).

>

> At the same time we are developing a new front-end website for them using
DotNetNuke. The DotNetNuke app will simply be linking to the ASP.NET
application for the customers to submit their orders (no need for them to
communicate back and forth, etc.)

>

> The plan is to host both applications on the same box at the client
location. What I am looking for are potential problems or setup tips which
would prevent possible conflict between the two apps (web.config conflicts,
etc.) Is there a problem with having both hosted on the same location, how
should IIS be set up, etc.?

>

> If there are any external resources also available which could address this,
please feel free to link them as well.


asp.net,deployment,dnn
95
Help with a AJAX PHP and MYSQL Live Search!

>

> i am trying to create a Ajax live search for my website. I currently can
query the database for titles and display them under my search (See Fig 1.0)
however i need to make them selectable so that when you do select them, it
will set the input value to that title, very much like on wikipdia search
[Wikipedia Search](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main%5FPage). The wikipedia
example is basicly what I am looking for. Any help would be great.

>

> Thanks, CHL UK

>

> ![My Search so far](http://www.webquark.co.uk/Search.bmp)

>

> Fig 1.0

>

> CODE: PHP DB search

>  
>     >         <?

>  
>       // Get value coming from request

>       $search = mysql_real_escape_string ($_GET['search']);

>  
>  
>       // Connect to DB

>       mysql_connect("localhost", "****", "****") or die(mysql_error()) ;

>     mysql_select_db("*****") or die(mysql_error()) ;

>      $result = mysql_query("SELECT * FROM dbArticle WHERE title LIKE
'%$search%' OR type LIKE '%$search%'  OR username LIKE '%$search%'");

>       while($row = mysql_fetch_array($result))

>       // Check if name exists in table

>       if (!empty($row['title'])) {

>       echo "".$row['title']."<br />";}

>       if (!empty($row['type'])) {

>       echo "".$row['type']."<br />";}

>       if (!empty($row['username'])) {

>       echo "".$row['username']."<br />";}

>        //Close connection

>       mysql_close();

>  
>  
>     ?>

>  
>

> CODE:PHP Search Input

>  
>     >     <div id="navSearch">

>       <form method="post" action="index.php?pageContent=search">

>       <li><input type="text" maxlength="30" size="22" name="search"
onkeyup="send_requestSearch(this);"/> </li>

>       <li><input type="submit" value="Search" name="submit"/></li>

>       <div class="liveSearch" id="livesearch"></div>

>       </form>

>  
>

> If you need to see my Javascript let me know.


php,javascript,mysql,ajax,livesearch
46
At which point in the life of an xmlHttpRequest object is serialised XML parsed into a DOM?

>

> In JavaScript, `xmlHttpRequest.responseXML()` returns a `DOM Document`
object. The `DOM Document` object is created from an XML-structured HTTP
response body.

>

> At what point during the life of an `xmlHttpRequest` object is the XML
string parsed into the `DOM Document`?

>

> I can imagine it may occur in one of two places.

>

>     * When `responseXML()` is called.  
>  No need to waste resources parsing the XML string into a DOM until you know
it's actually needed.  
>  
>

>     * When the HTTP response has been received.  
>  If the server returns a text/xml content-type, it's clear you've requested
XML and you're probably going to want the response body parsed into a DOM as
you otherwise can't do much with the requested data.

>

> Both options have some merit, although I'm inclined to say that the XML
string is parsed only when `responseXML` is called.

>

> At what point does parsing of the XML string occur?

>

> Reaons for asking: I need to measure browser-based XML deserialisation
performance, with the aim of comparing this to JSON deserialisation
performance.


javascript,ajax,dom,xmlhttprequest
188
ASP.NET Javascript Timer

>

> I have a countdown timer in javascript that is called by a code behind using
asp.net VB. I cannot find a way to keep track of the time ,.

>

> the problem is., I cannot get the time that elapsed after postback so that
the timer would continue ticking,. can you help me please,.?? I would really
appreciate it.,

>

> here is my code fragment:

>

> asp.net VB codebehid

>  
>     >         on page load{

>             If Page.IsPostBack = True Then

>                 ClientScript.RegisterClientScriptBlock(Me.GetType,
"timer_script",

>                "<script language='javascript'>function mySubmit()</script>")

>  
>                 ClientScript.RegisterStartupScript(Me.GetType,
"timer_script",

>                 "<script>countdown_clock();</script>")

>             End If

>  
>             If Page.IsPostBack = false Then

>                 TimerTxtbx.Text = "00:06:10"   'hour:min:sec -> initialize
timer

>                 ClientScript.RegisterClientScriptBlock(Me.GetType,
"timer_script",

>                "<script language='javascript'>function mySubmit()</script>")

>  
>                 ClientScript.RegisterStartupScript(Me.GetType,
"timer_script",

>                 "<script>countdown_clock();</script>")

>             End If

>         }

>  
>         on button click{

>             NextBtn.Attributes.Add("onclick", "mySubmit()")   'call a
javascript function

>  
>             ClientScript.RegisterStartupScript(Me.GetType, "timer_script",

>             "<script>countdown_clock();</script>")

>         }

>  
>

> javascript code:

>  
>     >     function mySubmit()

>     {

>      document.getElementById('TimerTxtbx').removeAttribute('disabled');

>     }

>  
>         function countdown_clock()

>     {  
>         var current_time;

>      current_time = document.getElementById('TimerTxtbx').value;

>  
>  
>      var hours = current_time.substring(0,2);

>      var minutes = current_time.substring(3,5);

>      var seconds = current_time.substring(6,8);

>  
>      var n_seconds;

>      var n_minutes = minutes;

>      var n_hours = hours;

>  
>      if (seconds == 0)

>      {

>         n_seconds = 59;

>  
>         if (minutes == 0)

>       {

>       n_minutes = 59;

>        if (hours == 0){

>        alert('Time is up');

>        return;

>        }

>               else{

>               n_hours = hours - 1;

>           if (n_hours < 10)

>                  n_hours = "0" + n_hours;

>               }

>              }

>       else

>       {

>        n_minutes = minutes - 1;

>        if (n_minutes < 10)

>         n_minutes = "0" + n_minutes;

>       }

>      }

>      else

>      {

>          n_seconds = seconds - 1;

>       if (n_seconds < 10)

>        n_seconds = "0" + n_seconds;

>      }

>  
>  
>           document.getElementById('TimerTxtbx').value = n_hours + ':' +
n_minutes + ':' + n_seconds;

>  
>           setTimeout("countdown_clock()",1000); //function call and delay by
1sec

>  
>
document.getElementById('TimerTxtbx').setAttribute('disabled','disabled');

>           }//end function

>  


asp.net,javascript
22
Domain to XAMPP Apache

>

> I have a WEB server with static IP installed with Windows with XAMPP apache.
I create a directory WEBPROG in D drive where it is all my websites program. I
purchase a domain name and point to my WEB server IP. But I would like to
point directly to the D:\WEBPROG and when I enter www.mywebsite.com it will
not show the website. I have to enter www.mywebsite.com/WEBPROG then it will
appear. I try the virtualhost configuration but It seem not working. Can
someone advise on this though I have searched many websites for try their
recommendation but it does not work.

>

> Thanks

>

> Gad


xampp
43
JavaScript/jQuery: event fired twice

>

> I'm trying some event bindings with jQuery, and I have this simple code in
my document ready:

>  
>     >     $(document).ready(function() {

>         $("p a").each(function(i, selected){

>             $(selected).hover(

>                 function(event) { alert('over: ' + event.type); },

>                 function(event) { alert('out: ' + event.type); });

>             }

>         )

>     });

>  
>

> So, when I move mouse over a link thats inside a paragraph (selector is "p
a") alerts pop-up twice. So, mouseenter and mouseleave are fired twice.

>

> This only happens in Google Chrome. In Internet Explorer 7,
[Firefox](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mozilla_Firefox) 3,
[Opera](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opera_%28web_browser%29) and
[Safari](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Safari_%28web_browser%29) both events
are fired only once.

>

> Why is this happening?


javascript,jquery,events,google-chrome
40
decode base64 with dollar sign in ruby 1.8.5

>

> I have base64-encoded string (with two dollar signs, so it's not a common
base64 string)

>

> The problem: Base64.decode64 (or .unpack("m")) decodes it just fine on my
local machine(ruby 1.8.6), but with ruby 1.8.5 (the version used by Heroku) it
doesn't work

>

> Any ideas ?

>

> **edit:**

>

> I have :

>

>
$$YTo1OntzOjM6Im1pZCI7czo3OiI3MTE5Njg3IjtzOjQ6Im5hbWUiO3M6MjE6IkthbnllIFdlc3QgLSBTdHJvbmd
lciI7czo0OiJsaW5rIjtzOjQ4OiJodHRwOi8vd3d3LmVhc3kxNS5jb20vMDIgU3Ryb25nZXIgKFNuaXBwZXQpMS5tcD
MiO3M6OToiX3BsYXl0aW1lIjtzOjU6IjgzMjAwIjtzOjg6Il9uZXh0aWRzIjtzOjEzNDoiMjc1ODE0MDYsMjc0MDE1
NzAsMjI1MTU0MDMsMTU1ODM2NjYsMTYzMTUzMzksMjgwNDY5MTUsMzAzOTMxODksMzUyMDAyMTMsMjIwNTE1MzAsMj
c1NTg1MTQsMTM3ODkyNTYsMTk4MTY5OTgsMzA0NzI4MDEsMTUyNTk5NzksMTg5OTkxMzciO30=

>

> I successed in decoding it with '...'.unpack("m") locally but not on the
heroku server (ruby 1.8.5, maybe the ruby version it's not the issue)


ruby,base64,decode
34
Is there an XSD or similar declaration for Facebook's API method signatures?

>

> I'm developing a generator to create a C# API wrapper for Facebook's API.
I'm just about finished with the basic coding, except that there doesn't seem
to be any well-formed declaration of the method signatures of all the API
methods.

>

> I can parse the [schema for the element
types](http://api.facebook.com/1.0/facebook.xsd) to figure out what the names
of all the methods are (they're anything at the end that ends with `_response`
- they all have a corresponding method). The signatures are [documented on
their wiki](http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/API), but there
doesn't seem to be a single place they're all defined, as in a schema.

>

> Any suggestions, besides screen scraping the wiki?

>

> * * *

>

> One step closer: All the signatures seem to be defined in JSON on the [API
Test Console](http://developers.facebook.com/tools.php?api) page. Of course,
this doesn't help with typing, but having it all in once place makes it a bit
less work if I'm going to screen scrape.


facebook,schema
64
Multiple queries to avoid joins?

>

> I've noticed as soon as I added joins to some of my queries the time it took
to execute these was more than just completing multiple queries.

>

> Times include page load and averaged over 20 page loads.

>

> 7-9 queries with no joins  
>  159ms

>

> 3 queries with 2 joins  
>  235ms

>

> Should I just go ahead with multiple queries instead of the joins
considering they seem to have such a significant impact on performance? I can
probably even optimize the multiple query method since I was even lazy loading
during those tests.

>

> **EDIT**

>

> I'll create some false information for sake of the question.

>

> Table Objects  
>  ID (int, identity, PK, clustered index)  
>  UserID (int, nonclustered index)  
>  CategoryID (int, nonclustered index)

>

> Table Users  
>  ID (int, identity, PK, clustered index)

>

> Table Categories  
>  ID (int, identity, PK, clustered index)

>

> Pretty simple. It's a double inner-join query onto the Objects table.
Querying all 3 separately seems to be faster than the join.

>

> The query plan for the join shows 42% done for 2 clustered index seeks and
23% is a clustered index scan and the rest is a Top N Sort.


sql,linq-to-sql
20
Using Google Maps API in .NET 3.5 ASP.NET MVC application

>

> I have an ASP.NET MVC application which is pretty simple so far, but I want
to add a driving directions page to the clients location. I see plenty of
examples using the traditional code behind model but none with ASP.NET MVC.
The application uses master pages and content pages.

>

> I'm pretty new to ASP.NET MVC, so bear with me. Any examples of doing this
would be much appreciated.

>

> PS: I'm not totally against integrating a standard code behind type page in
the application if needs be.


asp.net-mvc,google-maps,.net-3.5
50
OpenMP: What is the difference between foo() and bar()

>  
>     >     void foo(void) {

>         #pragma omp parallel

>         {

>             #pragma omp single

>                 {fprintf(stderr, "first part\n"); }

>             #pragma omp barrier  
>             #pragma omp single

>                { fprintf(stderr, "second part\n"); }

>         }

>     }

>     void bar (void) {

>         #pragma omp parallel

>         {

>             #pragma  omp sections

>             {

>                 fprintf(stderr, "first part\n");

>                  #pragma  omp section

>                  fprintf(stderr, "second part\n");

>              }

>         }

>     }

>  
>

> Q1-are foo() and bar() equivalent?


import,openmp
82
When is it (not) appropriate to bundle dependencies with an application?

>

> **Summary**

>

> I recently had a conversation with the creator of a framework that one of my
applications depends on. During that conversation he mentioned as a sort of
aside that it would make my life simpler if I just bundled his framework with
my application and delivered to the end user a version that I knew was
consistent with my code. Intuitively I have always tried to avoid doing this
and, in fact, I have taken pains to segment my own code so that portions of it
could be redistributed without taking the entire project (even when there was
precious little chance anyone would ever reuse any of it). However, after
mulling it over for some time I have not been able to come up with a
particularly good reason _why_ I do this. In fact, now that I have thought
about it, I'm seeing a pretty compelling case to bundle _all_ my smaller
dependencies. I have come up with a list of pros and cons and I'm hoping
someone can point out anything that I'm missing.

>

> **Pros**

>

>     * Consistency of versions means easier testing and troubleshooting.

>     * Application may reach a wider audience since there appear to be fewer
components to install.

>     * Small tweaks to the dependency can more easily be made downstream and
delivered with the application, rather than waiting for them to percolate into
the upstream code base.

>

> **Cons**

>

>     * More complex packaging process to include dependencies.

>     * User may end up with multiple copies of a dependency on their machine.

>     * Per bortzmeyer's response, there are potential security concerns with
not being able to upgrade individual components.

>

> **Notes**

>

> For reference, my application is written in Python and the dependencies I'm
referencing are "light", by which I mean small and not in very common use. (So
they do not exist on all machines or even in all repositories.) And when I say
"package with" my application, I mean distribute under my own source tree, not
install with a script that resides inside my package, so there would be no
chance of conflicting versions. I am also developing solely on Linux so there
are no Windows installation issues to worry about.

>

> All that being said, I am interested in hearing any thoughts on the broader
(language-independent) issue of packaging dependencies as well. Is there
something I am missing or is this an easy decision that I am just over-
thinking?

>

> **Addendum 1**

>

> It is worth mentioning that I am also quite sensitive to the needs of
downstream packagers. I would like it to be as straightforward as possible to
wrap the application up in a distribution-specific Deb or RPM.


python,dependencies,distribution,packaging
14
Where do I find all Apple Guides for objective-c and cocoa?

>

> I find that the xcode-builtin-documentation reader is hard to use. I want to
see the root of all Guides available, to get an idea of how long I will have
to keep reading until I can start. All the time some new Guide pops up to me,
and I am wondering how many they are.

>

> Is there an overview somewhere?


objective-c,cocoa
14
When talking about programming languages, what is the definition of Magic?

>

> The word "magic" gets thrown around a lot here in contexts like "language X
just has too much magic", or "platform Y generally avoids magic". However, it
seems the term is pretty poorly defined, something people know when they see
it. For example, Java is reputed to contain very little magic, but its garbage
collector hides a lot from the programmer. If magic simply means abstraction
that hides details, then why is it considered a bad thing, given that nobody
writes large programs in assembly language anymore? If magic means something
more, then what does it mean?


design,definition,magic
88
passing arbitrary html to a popup window

>

> I am calling my makewindows function from a PHP file like so:

>  
>     >     echo "<a href='#' onclick=\"makewindows(" . $html . "); return
false;\">Click for full description </a></p>";

>  
>

> This generates correct html, which results in a popupwindow containing the
html from $html. For example(most of the html has been snipped):

>  
>     >     <a href="#" onclick="makewindows(&quot;<P align=center><SPAN
style=\&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Arial\&quot;>&quot;); return false;">Click for
more</a>

>  
>

> Now, I want to make an image above the link clickable, to display an image
instead of html, using the same method.

>

> I made an $imagehtml variable in php like so:

>  
>     >     $imagehtml = "<img src='".$imageSrc."' >";

>  
>

> $imageSrc is the result of another method, but is always without fail a
valid url for an image

>

> passing $imageHtml to makewindows should work(the fact that it is not
standards complaint html is irelivant, at least as to why what I am trying is
failing. The same single line of html in a standalone html file displays in
every browser fine.)

>

> this results in the following html:

>  
>     >     <a href="#" onclick="makewindows(<img src='removed.jpg' >); return
false;">

>     <img src="removed.jpg" width="250" height="250"></a>

>  
>

> This completely fails. It has nothing to do with the image path, as no
window is created at all. All I am doing is changing the variable passed,
surely the window should still be created, regardless of the contents of the
html?

>

> this fails even if trying to pass about:blank, for example defining
imagehtml as follows:

>  
>     >     $imagehtml = "about:blank";

>  
>

> results in:

>  
>     >     <a href="#" onclick="makewindows(about:blank); return
false;">Click for full description </a>

>  
>

> yet still no window.


php,javascript
42
How would an ORM framework in PHP be structured?

>

> I want to build a small ORM ([Object Relational
Mapping](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-relational%5Fmapping)) framework
in PHP. I want to do a mixture of an MVC approach, with the same
controller/method/variable approach used by CodeIgniter.

>

> There are a few frameworks out there already which do this, but things like

>

>     * Form validation

>     * Pagination

>     * CRUD

>     * And AJAX

>

> are very difficult to do in these frameworks. My main goal, other than to
have the entire functioning of the system be done using objects, is to use the
DRY principle as much as possible. This mainly means very little repetitive
code for form validation and CRUD etc.

>

> I'm looking for ideas on how such a framework would be organized, what the
architecture would be, and how a typical request such as a signup form and how
to validate it, would be handled by this framework.

>

> Please share your thoughts/ideas. This will be released as an open source
framework, free of charge, when its finished.


php,orm,oop,frameworks
145
counting rows and passing information with mysqli

>

> I have been trying to convert a php page to mysqli, and have encoutnered
some problems. Given the code below, and the way which I have ordered things
to work, I would like to know what the better way is using mysqli methods.

>

> Is there an mysqli alternative to mysql_num_rows or is a different method of
calculating the number of rows required?

>

> How would I do the following using mysqli?:

>  
>     >     $data = mysql_query($countQuery) or die(mysql_error());

>     $rowcount = mysql_num_rows($data);

>  
>

> What is an alternative for mysql_fetch_assoc? I feel that I should not be
using the current rows method I am using, even if there is a replacement
function, so what would be the correct approach?

>

> I apologize for these questions, but I have not been able to determine the
answers myself so far.

>  
>     >     <?php

>     $con = mysqli_connect("localhost", "user", "", "ebay");

>     if (!$con) {

>         echo "Can't connect to MySQL Server. Errorcode: %s\n".
mysqli_connect_error();

>         exit;

>     }

>     $con->query("SET NAMES 'utf8'");

>     $cmd = "word";

>     //normally retrieved from GET

>     if($cmd=="deleterec") {

>         $deleteQuery = "DELETE FROM AUCTIONS1 WHERE ARTICLE_NO = ?";

>         if ($delRecord = $con->prepare($deleteQuery)) {

>          $delRecord->bind_param("s", $pk);

>          $delRecord->execute();

>         }

>     }

>     $table = 'AUCTIONS';

>     $brand = "test";

>     $countQuery = "SELECT ARTICLE_NO FROM ? WHERE upper(ARTICLE_NAME) LIKE
'% ? %'";

>     if ($numRecords = $con->prepare($countQuery)) {

>         $numRecords->bind_param("ss", $table, $brand);

>         $numRecords->execute();

>         $data = $con->query($countQuery) or die(print_r($con->error));

>         $rowcount = mysql_num_rows($data);

>         $rows = getRowsByArticleSearch($query, $table, $max);

>         $last = ceil($rowcount/$page_rows);

>     }

>     $self = htmlspecialchars($_SERVER['PHP_SELF'],ENT_QUOTES,'utf-8');

>     foreach ($rows as $row) // print table rows {

>         echo '<tr>' . "\n";

>         echo '<td><a href="#" onclick="doThings(\'Layer2\', \'' . $pk .
'\')">'.$row['USERNAME'].'</a></td>' . "\n";

>         // repeated for each column

>     }

>     function getRowsByArticleSearch($searchString, $table, $max) {

>         global $con;

>         $recordsQuery = "SELECT ARTICLE_NO, USERNAME, ACCESSSTARTS,
ARTICLE_NAME, date_format(str_to_date(ACCESSSTARTS, '%d/%m/%Y %k:%i:%s'), '%d
%m %Y' ) AS shortDate FROM ? WHERE upper(ARTICLE_NAME) LIKE '%?%' ORDER BY
str_to_date(ACCESSSTARTS, '%d/%m/%Y %k:%i:%s')" . $max;

>         if ($getRecords = $con->prepare($recordsQuery)) {

>          $getRecords->bind_param("ss", $searchString, $table);

>          $getRecords->execute();

>          $getRecords->bind_result($ARTICLE_NO, $USERNAME, $ACCESSSTARTS,
$ARTICLE_NAME, $shortDate);

>          while ($getRecords->fetch()) {

>           $result = $con->query($recordsQuery);

>           $rows = array();

>           while($row = mysql_fetch_assoc($result)) {

>            $rows[] = $row;

>           }

>           return $rows;

>          }

>         }

>     }

>  


php,mysql,mysqli
102
Java AudioSystem and TargetDataLine

>

> I am trying to capture audio from the line-in from my PC, to do this I am
using
[AudioSystem](http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.4.2/docs/api/javax/sound/sampled/AudioSystem.html)
class. There is one of two choices with the static AudioSystem.write method:
Write to a file Or Write to a stream. I can get it to write to a file just
fine, but whenever I try to write to a stream I get thrown java.io.IOException
(stream length not specified). As for my buffer I am using a
ByteArrayOutputStream. Is there another kind of stream I am supposed to be
using or messing up somewhere else?

>

> **Also** in a related subject, one can sample the audio line in
([TargetDataLine](http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.4.2/docs/api/javax/sound/sampled/TargetDataLine.html))
directly by calling
[read](http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.4.2/docs/api/javax/sound/sampled/TargetDataLine.html).
Is this the preferred way doing audio capture or using AudioSystem?

>

> **Update** Source code that was requested:

>  
>     >     final private TargetDataLine line;

>     final private AudioFormat format;

>     final private AudioFileFormat.Type fileType;

>     final private AudioInputStream audioInputStream;

>     final private ByteArrayOutputStream bos;

>  
>     // Constructor, etc.

>  
>     public void run()

>     {

>      System.out.println("AudioWorker Started");

>      try

>      {

>       line.open(format);

>       line.start();

>  
>       // This commented part is regarding the second part

>       // of my question

>       // byte[] buff = new byte[512];

>       // int bytes = line.read(buff, 0, buff.length);

>  
>       AudioSystem.write(audioInputStream, fileType, bos);

>  
>      }

>      catch ( Exception e )

>      {

>       e.printStackTrace();

>      }

>  
>      System.out.println("AudioWorker Finished");

>     }

>  
>  
>     // Stack trace in console

>     AudioWorker Started

>     java.io.IOException: stream length not specified

>         at com.sun.media.sound.WaveFileWriter.write(Unknown Source)

>         at javax.sound.sampled.AudioSystem.write(Unknown Source)

>         at AudioWorker.run(AudioWorker.java:41)

>     AudioWorker Finished

>  


java,audio,audio-recording,javasound
25
MySQL statement combining a join and a count?

>

> I've got a table of 'folders'. I want to return all the records with the
userId of 16.

>  
>     >     SELECT * FROM `folders` WHERE userId = 16;

>  
>

> I've got a table of 'files'. For each 'folder' returned above, I want to
return a count of 'files' within that 'folder'.

>  
>     >     SELECT COUNT(*) as "Files" FROM files WHERE Folder = n;

>  
>

> How do I combine these? I'm lost. Thanks!


sql,join,count
11
Does it make sense to first learn Cocoa for Leopard and then Cocoa Touch for iPhone?

>

> Actually I don't care too much about Mac OS X development. I want to do only
iPod Touch and iPhone development. But anyways, I started learning Cocoa and
Objective-C. But it seems like there are many differences between Cocoa and
Cocoa Touch, so I am wondering if I am actually wasting my time. Should I just
jump directly into iPhone topics?


iphone,objective-c,cocoa,cocoa-touch
76
Forward declaring static C struct instances in C++

>

> I'm writing a code generator, well, actually a data generator that will
produce data structures of this form (obviously the actual data structures are
much more elaborate):

>  
>     >     typedef struct Foo {

>       int a;

>       struct Foo* foo;

>     } Foo;

>  
>     extern Foo f1;

>     extern Foo f2;

>  
>     Foo f1 = {1, &f2};

>     Foo f2 = {2, &f1};

>  
>

> This is portable for all C and C++ compilers I have tried.

>

> I would like to forward declare these struct instances as static so as not
to pollute the global variable space, as in:

>  
>     >     typedef struct Foo {

>       int a;

>       struct Foo* foo;

>     } Foo;

>  
>     static Foo f1;

>     static Foo f2;

>  
>     static Foo f1 = {1, &f2};

>     static Foo f2 = {2, &f1};

>  
>

> Although this works with gcc and probably all C compilers, the above code
does not work with C++ compilers and results in a compile error:

>  
>     >     error: redefinition of ‘Foo f1’

>     error: ‘Foo f1’ previously declared

>  
>

> I understand why this is happening in C++. Is there a simple workaround that
does not involve using code at runtime to achieve the same effect that is
portable to all C++ compilers without resorting to using a C compiler to
compile certain files?


c++,c
27
Is it possible to define a generic type Vector in Actionsctipt 3?

>

> Hi i need to make a VectorIterator, so i need to accept a Vector with any
type. I am currently trying to define the type as * like so:

>  
>     >     var collection:Vector.<*> = new Vector<*>()

>  
>

> But the compiler is complaining that the type "is not a compile time
constant". i know a bug exists with the Vector class where the error
reporting, reports the wrong type as missing, for example:

>  
>     >     var collection:Vector.<Sprite> = new Vector.<Sprite>()

>  
>

> if Sprite was not imported, the compiler would complain that it cannot find
the Vector class. I wonder if this is related?


flex,actionscript-3,vector,generics
30
What's the best MIME type for video on the web?

>

> I'm the admin for a large media intensive site. We've done some
experimentation with our video MIME types. We've alternated between forcing
the download using Content-Disposition: attachment + Content-type: application
/octet-stream and actually returning the proper MIME type.

>

> We've had complaints either way we set it up. With the proper MIME type many
people have broken or incompatible browser plugins that try to play the
content, but fail due to either format incompatibility or other issues. This
leaves us with support emails trying to help customers configure their broken
browsers. On the other hand, not using the proper MIME types upsets people who
like to click on a file and have the plugin launch shortly thereafter.

>

> We've seen maybe 20% fewer complaints when forcing the browser to download
the file, so we're pretty sure we're going to stick with that, but I'd like to
hear what other people think about this, since it seems like a real gray area.

>

> For the record our file formats are WMV, XviD, QT mpeg4 mov, and Ipod m4v
along with streaming flash.


http,browser,video,mime
30
Trying to understand the First Responder object in nibs

>

> Let me summarize this shortly: A "First Responder" in a nib file is an
object, which represents the UI control element that has the user's focus. So
if the user clicks on a control, the nib sets that clicked UI control as First
Responder. In my app I could make an outlet to that "First Responder" from the
nib, so that I could for example send a message "make red font color" to
whatever the user has activated by clicking.

>

> And then, if this First Responder UI control does not understand that
message, the message gets passed up in the responder chain, until a parent
element or grandparent (and so on) UI control element understands the message.
Otherwise it will be ignored.

>

> So First Responder always establishes a "link" to the UI control that has
focus. Is that right?

>

> (**Exact duplicate** of [Objective-C / Cocoa, "First Responder" - Did I get
that right?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/598455/objective-c-cocoa-
first-responder-did-i-get-that-right) by the same author)


objective-c,cocoa,nib,first-responder
39
Jquery Best Case Scenario

>

> I am loading a bunch of images for a GUI which will pick attributes for my
clients product.

>

> Is it best to pre-load all the images at the start (which I'm guessing would
take some time) and then have the GUI have full functionality or is it better
to load images on the fly.

>

> Essentially i am working on a picture/poster framing application. I have
about 20+ frames that will be able to be selected by the user and when a frame
is clicked I change the images for the frame on the display in the GUI.

>

> I am using Jquery. Any insight would be helpful as to the best case scenario
for this.

>

> And if I will be pre-loading all the images how do I put one of those
loading bars on the screen like you see in Flash or a loading gif like i've
seen in Ajax?

>

> Thanks

>

> Mike


javascript,jquery,image-preloader
164
How to import attributes and elements from XML to Filemaker?

>

> I have an application that stores its user database to an XML file and I
need to export selected fields to Filemaker so my client and mine the data on
Filemaker. I managed to make XSLT file to import XML elements, but cannot seem
to find a way to import any elements. Pointers in solving this problem are
greatly anticipated.

>

> Example of the XML-file:

>  
>     >     <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>

>     <APPLICATION_NAME>

>       <USERS>

>         <USER>

>           <ID>15001</ID>

>           <USERNAME>Administrator</USERNAME>

>           <!-- other elements -->

>           <PROPERTYBAG>

>             <ITEM NAME="LastModifiedDate" VALUE="Fri, 05 Sep 2008 13:13:16
GMT"/>

>             <ITEM NAME="Registered" VALUE="5.9.2008 16:13:16"/>

>             <!-- other elements -->

>           </PROPERTYBAG>

>         </USER>

>         <!-- more users -->

>       </USERS>

>     </APPLICATION_NAME>

>  
>

> So far I've managed to import elements by following instruction from this
site:
[http://edoshin.skeletonkey.com/2005/10/use_modular_xsl.html](http://edoshin.skeletonkey.com/2005/10/use%5Fmodular%5Fxsl.html)

>

> And here is the XSLT that imports those elements but not attributes:

>  
>     >     <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>

>     <xsl:stylesheet version="1.0"

>       xmlns:xsl="http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform"

>       xmlns="http://www.filemaker.com/fmpxmlresult">

>  
>     <xsl:include href="FileMaker.xslt"/>

>  
>     <xsl:template match="/">

>       <xsl:call-template name="TABLE">

>         <xsl:with-param name="METADATA-FIELDS">

>           <xsl:call-template name="FIELD">

>             <xsl:with-param name="NAME" select="'ID'"/>

>           </xsl:call-template>

>           <xsl:call-template name="FIELD">

>             <xsl:with-param name="NAME" select="'USERNAME'"/>

>           </xsl:call-template>

>           <xsl:call-template name="FIELD">

>             <xsl:with-param name="NAME" select="'ISADMINISTRATOR'"/>

>           </xsl:call-template>

>           <xsl:call-template name="FIELD">

>             <xsl:with-param name="NAME" select="'LastModifiedDate'"/>

>           </xsl:call-template>

>           <xsl:call-template name="FIELD">

>             <xsl:with-param name="NAME" select="'Registered'"/>

>           </xsl:call-template>

>         </xsl:with-param>

>  
>         <xsl:with-param name="RESULTSET-RECORDS">

>           <xsl:for-each select="//USER">

>             <xsl:call-template name="ROW">

>               <xsl:with-param name="COLS">

>                 <xsl:call-template name="COL">

>                   <xsl:with-param name="DATA" select="ID"/>

>                 </xsl:call-template>

>                 <xsl:call-template name="COL">

>                   <xsl:with-param name="DATA" select="USERNAME"/>

>                 </xsl:call-template>

>                 <xsl:call-template name="COL">

>                   <xsl:with-param name="DATA"
select="ACCOUNT/ISADMINISTRATOR"/>

>                 </xsl:call-template>

>  
>            <xsl:call-template name="COL">

>                   <xsl:with-param name="DATA" select="@Registered"/>

>                 </xsl:call-template>

>  
>            </xsl:with-param>

>             </xsl:call-template>

>           </xsl:for-each>

>         </xsl:with-param>

>       </xsl:call-template>

>     </xsl:template>

>  
>     </xsl:stylesheet>

>  


xml,xslt,xpath,filemaker
29
Proper checking of nil sqlite text column

>

> I have an sqlite string column that is assigned to a string. I need to make
sure it isn't nil before assigning. I'm doing this:

>  
>     >     char *isNil = sqlite3_column_text(selectstmt, 2);

>     if(isNil != nil){

>       myName = [NSString stringWithUTF8String:(char
*)sqlite3_column_text(selectstmt, 2)];}

>  
>

> which gives the warning:

>

> warning: initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type

>

> What is the proper way to do it?


iphone,sqlite
50
Searching a list of objects in Python

>

> Let's assume I'm creating a simple class to work similar to a C-style
struct, to just hold data elements. I'm trying to figure out how to search the
list of objects for objects with a certain attribute. Below is a trivial
example to illustrate what I'm trying to do.

>

> For instance:

>  
>     >     class Data:

>         pass

>  
>     myList = []

>  
>     for i in range(20):

>         data = Data()

>         data.n = i

>         data.n_squared = i * i

>         myList.append(data)

>  
>

> How would I go about searching the myList list to determine if it contains
an element with n == 5?

>

> I've been Googling and searching the Python docs, and I think I might be
able to do this with a list comprehension, but I'm not sure. I might add that
I'm having to use Python 2.4.3 by the way, so any new gee-whiz 2.6 or 3.x
features aren't available to me.

>

> Thanks!


python
64
Social networks in an Delphi win32 application

>

> I want to create some kind “social” connection/interaction in an application
that I am creating.

>

> The application is for a restrict group of professionals, that would
benefits for social connection/interaction with each other.

>

> So now I don’t know what to do. Do something new, integrate with an existing
one ?

>

> I am open for ideas.

>

> ---- UPDATE ----

>

> Some basic features should be:

>

> •Private Messages

>

> •Blog functionality

>

> •Publications

>

> •A user profile, with basic info

>

> •Friends list

>

> •Pools

>

> Open source product, if possible.

>

> Platform. For now yes win32 application. Later if the concept catch on we
can go web. Be this is only an extra feature of a big application, not the
main feature.


delphi,winapi,social-networking
17
Does an asynchronous call always create/call a new thread?

>

> Does asynchronous call always create a new thread?

>

> Example:

>

> If JavaScript is single threaded then how can it do an async postback? Is it
actually blocking until it gets a callback? If so, is this really an async
call?


multithreading,asynchronous
11
What is a good MySQL Database Schema tool?

>

> I'm starting a new project soon and I'd like to try to use some better tools
this time around. The last project, I wrote all my Database creation SQL by
hand for MySQL. I'm hoping there are some good tools out there for creating,
maintaining and modifying database schema in MySQL. My budget is out-of-my-
own-pocket, so free (as in beer) would probably be best. :)


mysql,database,schema
41
How to retrieve all inserted rows during a given month using T-Sql

>

> I'm trying to retrieve all rows inserted during a specific month.

>  
>     >     SELECT

>         dbo.Post.UserId,

>         dbo.Post.Tags,

>         dbo.Post.CommentCount,

>         dbo.Post.Status,  
>         dbo.Post.PostDate,

>         dbo.Post.[Content],

>         dbo.Post.Title,

>         dbo.Post.PostId,

>         dbo.[User].DisplayName

>     FROM  
>         dbo.Post INNER JOIN

>         dbo.[User] ON dbo.Post.UserId = dbo.[User].UserId

>     Where PostDate >=  DATEADD(mm, 0, DATEDIFF(mm, 0, '01/28/2009'))

>         AND  PostDate <=  DATEADD(mm, 0, DATEDIFF(mm, 0, '01/28/2009'))

>  
>

> Any idea's?


sql,tsql,date-range
41
How can I make actions work in the HomeController without typing "Home"?

>

> My HomeController is controlling some pages like 'Index' and some others
like 'Contact', 'About Us'.

>

> But, if I type:

>  
>     >     www.blabla.com/

>  
>

> the 'Index' will be called and it works.

>

> But, if I type:

>  
>     >     www.blabla.com/AboutUs

>  
>

> it doesn't work at all! It just works if I type:

>  
>     >     www.blabla.com/Home/AboutUs

>  
>

> How can I make all the actions in HomeController work without typing "Home"
before them?


asp.net-mvc,routing
16
How to share APC cache between several PHP processes when running under FastCGI?

>

> I'm currently running several copies of PHP/FastCGI, with APC enabled (under
Apache+mod_fastcgi, if that matters). Can I share cache between the processes?
How can I check if it's shared already? (I think the `apc.mmap_file_mask` ini
setting might be involved, but I don't know how to use it.)

>

> (One of the reasons I think its _not_ shared at the moment is that the
`apc.mmap_file_mask`, as reported by the apc.php web interface flips between
about 3 different values as I reload.)


php,fastcgi,apc,mmap
36
Strange Linq Error

>

> I am using Linq to convert an array of any object to a CSV list:

>  
>     >     String.Join(",", (From item In objectArray Select
item.ToString()).ToArray())

>  
>

> This is giving me the strange error: **_"Range variable name cannot match
the name of a member of the 'Object' class."_**

>

> I can get round it by wrapping the string in a VB StrConv method, with a
setting of "Nothing":

>  
>     >     String.Join(",", (From item In oArray Select
StrConv(item.ToString(), VbStrConv.None)).ToArray())

>  
>

> However, this seems like a bit of a hack and I would like to avoid it.

>

> Does anyone have any ideas when this problems occurs, and any better ways to
get round it?


vb.net,linq
10
How to disable editing of elements in combobox for c#?

>

> I have some elements in a ComboBox (WinForms with C#). I want their content
to be static so that a user cannot change the values inside when the
application is ran. I also do not want the user adding new values to the
ComboBox


c#,winforms,combobox
24
"First Responder" - Did I get that right?

>

> Let me summarize this shortly: A "First Responder" in a nib file is an
object, which represents the UI control element that has the user's focus. So
if the user clicks on a control, the nib sets that clicked UI control as First
Responder. In my app I could make an outlet to that "First Responder" from the
nib, so that I could for example send a message "make red font color" to
whatever the user has activated by clicking.

>

> And then, if this First Responder UI control does not understand that
message, the message gets passed up in the responder chain, until a parent
element or grandparent (and so on) UI control element understands the message.
Otherwise it will be ignored.

>

> So First Responder always establishes a "link" to the UI control that has
focus. Is that right?


objective-c,cocoa,nib,first-responder
125
How to get checksums for strided patterns

>

> I have a 64 bit number (but only the 42 low order bits are used) and need to
computer the sum of the **4** bits at `n`, `n+m`, `n+m*2` and `n+m*3` (note:
anything that can produce a sum >4 is invalid) for some fixed m and every
value of n that places all the bits in the number

>

> as an example using `m=3` and given the 16-bit number

>  
>     >     0010 1011 0110 0001

>  
>

> I need to compute

>  
>     >     2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 0, 3

>  
>

> Does anyone have any (cool) ideas for ways to do this? I'm fine with bit
twiddling.

>

> * * *

>

> My current thought is to make bit shifted copies of the input to align the
values to be summed and then build a logic tree to do a 4x 1bit adder.

>  
>     >     v1 = In;

>     v2 = In<<3;

>     v3 = In<<6;

>     v4 = In<<9;

>  
>     a1 = v1 ^ v2;

>     a2 = v1 & v2;

>     b1 = v3 ^ v4;

>     b2 = v3 & v4;

>     c2 = a1 & b1;

>     d2 = a2 ^ b2;

>  
>     o1 = a1 ^ b1;

>     o2 = c2 ^ d2;

>     o4 = a2 & b2;

>  
>

> This does end up with the bits of the result spread across 3 different ints
but oh well.

>

> _edit: as it happens I need the histogram of the sums so doing a [bit-
count](http://www-
graphics.stanford.edu/~seander/bithacks.html#CountBitsSetNaive) of `o4`,
`o2&amp;o1`, `o2` and `o1` gives me what I want._

>

> * * *

>

> a second solution uses a perfect hash function

>  
>     >     arr = [0, 1, 1, 2, 1, 2, 2, 3, 1, 2, 2, 3, 2, 3, 3, 4];

>  
>     for(int i = 0; i < N; i++)

>     {

>        out[i] = arr[(In & 0b1001001001) % 30];

>        In >>= 1;

>     }

>  
>

> This works by noting that the 4 selected bits can only take on 16 patterns
and that (by guess and check) they can be hashed into 0-15 using mod 30. From
there, a table of computed values gives the needed sum. As it happens only 3
of the 4 strides I need work this way.

>

> * * *

>

> p.s.

>

> Correct trumps fast. Fast trumps clear. I expect to be running this millions
of time.


language-agnostic,bit-manipulation,checksum
21
What projects do you wish you could contribute to?

>

> In my day to day activities I often find myself wishing I could go into the
source code of something and change it so that it was more intuitive or to add
a feature which would be easy to implement, but for some reason was never
added.

>

> What are some projects you wish you could contribute to but haven't or
can't?

>

> Highest on my list is my university's student services web-app. The
interface is horribly clunky and any simple task requires 20 more steps than
it should.


user-interface,contribute
80
Weird vertexshader/pixelshader glitch

>

> i've got a little problem with my water effect

>

> as you can see [here](http://img23.imageshack.us/img23/6127/psglitch.png),
it doesn't show up the right way. another
[screen](http://img142.imageshack.us/img142/1696/27198215.png) with a diffrent
texture applied shows the error in the transform something more clearly my
HLSL code:

>  
>     >     V2P vs(float4 inPos : POSITION, float2 inTex: TEXCOORD)

>     {  
>         V2P Output = (V2P)0;

>  
>         float4x4 viewproj = mul (matView, matProjection);

>         float4x4 worldviewproj = mul (matWorld,viewproj);

>  
>         float4x4 reflviewproj = mul (matRLView, matProjection);

>         float4x4 reflworldviewproj = mul (matWorld, reflviewproj);

>  
>         Output.Position = mul(inPos, worldviewproj);

>         Output.RLMapTex = mul(inPos, reflworldviewproj);

>  
>         return Output;

>     }

>     P2F ps(V2P PSIn)

>     {

>         P2F Output = (P2F)0;  
>  
>         float2 ProjectedTexCoords;

>         ProjectedTexCoords.x =   PSIn.RLMapTex.x / PSIn.RLMapTex.w /2.0f +
0.5f;

>         ProjectedTexCoords.y =  -PSIn.RLMapTex.y / PSIn.RLMapTex.w /2.0f +
0.5f;  
>  
>         float2 ProjectedRefCoords;

>         ProjectedRefCoords.x = ( PSIn.Position.x / PSIn.Position.w) /2.0f +
0.5f;

>         ProjectedRefCoords.y = (-PSIn.Position.y / PSIn.Position.w) /2.0f +
0.5f;

>  
>         Output.Color = tex2D(samRLMap, ProjectedTexCoords);  
>  
>         return Output;

>     }

>  
>

> the reflection map is rendered on a render target while flipping the y value
of the eye along the waterheight. (and with up vector 0,-1,0)

>

> so, my question: what could be the cuase of this?


c++,directx
16
Should human factor be taken into account when deciding on what process to use?

>

> When you are deciding on what methodology or process to use for your
project, should you take into account the human factors? If there is any
resistance to things, do you go with the flow or force people to change?

>

> For example, say you want to push for pair programming but the team members
resist to working in that mode (or show dislikes), what would you do? Make
them get used to it, try to convince them to do it or go with the flow and let
them do what they like?


process,agile
8
ADO.net best Practices

>

> Can any one guide me,the best practices for ado.Net both for webappliaction
and windows application. If possible suggest me a best book to learn


ado.net
28
Why does software have EULA?

>

> This is the only product that I know that a consumer must agree to something
that only lawyer can (something) understand. I'm sure car accidents kill more
people each year than software accidents. But I don't sign anything like an
EULA when I buy a car.

>

> So why does software have EULA? Were there a bad accident that triggered the
need for software companies to protect themselves? (and what was the first
software that had EULA?)

>

> [Update] Just to clear my point: I don't understand why software have EULA.
No other product that I can think of does (not even gun)! So what makes
software different that this product needs some sort of "liability
limitations"?

>

> By the way, [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eula) says that "The
legal status of shrink-wrap licenses in the US is somewhat unclear."


licensing,history,eula
8
How to retrieve Image from Resources folder of the project in C#

>

> i Have some images in resources folder in my project but i want to change
the picture box from these resource files of the project


c#,winforms,resources
64
How would you design a good search UI?

>

> I want to provide my users with an 'advanced' search engine. I basically
have a lot of search criteria to chose from :

>

>     * some are very simple/common and will be largely use (ie time period,
item id)

>     * some are a bit less mainstream

>     * and some won't be used a lot, but I still want to provide them

>

> Overall, I have around 30+ criteria to chose from

>

> The result is a dataset which I display in a grid.

>

> I've search for inspiration on internet, and even
[google](http://www.google.com/advanced%5Fsearch?hl=en) doesn't seem to have a
nice solution for advanced search.

>

> I've designed this kind of tools in the past, and I wasn't really pleased by
the result, although the user were eventually able to use it quite
effectively.

>

>     * Do you think the search panel should be visible all the time (ie
displayed on top of my result grid) or available in a separate form (which
would let me use more place for all the controls)

>

>     * Do you think it's better to display all the search criteria, or to let
the user click on 'advanced' if he wants to see/use more criteria

>

>     * How would you organize the criteria? by usage frequency, or rather by
area (ie. criteria related to user, to location, to time, etc.)

>

>     * Where should I put the 'Search' button? next to the more common search
controls, or at the bottom, or both?

>

> And more generally, do you have tips you want to share on how to design a
nice search UI ? What kind of functionalities do you usually miss in this kind
of 'advanced' search engines?


gui,user-interface,usability,search-engine
22
Creating a single hyperlink from 2 mysql table entries using php

>

> I have a mysql table containing the values for 'display' and 'link'.

>

> I'd like to pull these into a php file that displays the 'display' value
which hyperlinks to the 'link' value

>

> I have already connected to the database and selected the appropriate rows
to display, but I'm at a loss on how to create the php for this..

>

> As you can probably tell, I'm a complete noob so simplicity is appreciated
in any answers.. thanks for the help!


php,mysql,hyperlink
9
How to redirect www to non-www?

>

> I am using URL re-writer module provided by <http://urlrewriter.net/> site.
Can anyone tell me how can I use their module to redirect www.example.com to
example.com (301 redirect).


url,url-rewriting
22
Should I learn C before learning C++?

>

> I visited a university CS department open day today and in the labs tour we
sat down to play with a couple of final-year projects from undergraduate
students. One was particularly good - a sort of FPS asteroids game. I decided
to take a peek in the `src` directory to find it was done in C++ (most of the
other projects were Java 3D apps).

>

> I haven't done any C before but I have looked through some C code before.
From what I saw in the .cpp code in this game it didn't look very different.

>

> I'm interested in learning either C or C++ but will probably learn the other
later on. **Is there any advantage to me learning one before the other** and
**if so, which one?**


c++,c
49
Is it a good idea to have the same feature available from two different menus?

>

> It happens sometimes that one feature seems to belong to more than one
place.

>

> Trivial example, let's say I've got the following menus :

>

>     * File

>     * Pending orders

>     * Accepted orders

>     * Tools

>     * Help

>

> I've got a search feature, and the same search window work for both pending
and accepted orders (it's just an 'order status' combo you can change)

>

> Where does this search feature belongs?

>

>     * The Tools menu seems to be a good choice, but I'm afraid the users may
expect the search accepted orders to be in the accepted orders menu, which
would make sense

>

>     * Duplicating the menu entry in both pending and accepted order seems
_wrong_ to me.

>

> What would you do? (And let's pretend we cannot merge the two orders menu
into one single menu)


gui,user-interface,menu,usability
8
Calling function defined in exe

>

> I need to know a way to call a function defined in the exe from a python
script. I know how to call entire exe from py file.


python
14
launch an app to record keep with greasemonkey

>

> I have my greasemonkey script scanning every page i visit for a specific
string. I would like to recordkeep the variations of the string in a sqlite
db. I'll have another app process this db everyonce in a while. What i dont
know is HOW do i store the data into the sqlite db? i was thinking i can
launch an executable automatically if the string was found but i dont know how
to do that through javascript. Another alternative i thought was have a socket
listen on a certain port and have some js magic but i couldnt think of a
silent way to send data like that.


javascript,greasemonkey
11
What SHOULDN'T Django's admin interface be used for?

>

> I've been applying Django's automatic administration capabilities to some
applications who had previously been very difficult to administer. I'm
thinking of a lot of ways to apply it to other applications we use (including
using it to replace some internal apps altogether). Before I go overboard
though, is there anything in particular I _shouldn't_ use it for?


python,django,administration
32
How can back to scene from view?

>

> Ques: I had added the view using the code:

>

> [[[Director sharedDirector] openGLView] addSubview:myView];

>

> But how can I will back to Game scene?

>

> if you are asking how to attach UIKit views and such to a cocos2d-iphone
project, you just have to do it like:

>

> [[[Director sharedDirector] window] addSubview:myView];

>

> Updated to cocos 0.7 and now this is:

>

> [[[Director sharedDirector] openGLView] addSubview:myView];


cocos2d
8
Memory modifying in C++

>

> im trying to learn to modify games in C++ not the game just the memory its
using to get ammo whatnot so can someone point me to books


c++,memory
84
Writing a string to NSPasteBoard

>

> I cannot get this method to return YES:

>  
>     >     - (BOOL) writeToPasteBoard:(NSString *)stringToWrite

>     {

>         return [pasteBoard setString:stringToWrite
forType:NSStringPboardType];

>     }

>  
>

> I have verified that stringToWrite is coming through properly, the method
just always returns NO.

>

> Any ideas?

>

> Here is the rest of the class:

>  
>     >     @interface ClipBoard : NSObject {

>         NSPasteboard *pasteBoard;

>     }

>  
>     - (BOOL) writeToPasteBoard:(NSString *)stringToWrite;

>     - (NSString *) readFromPasteBoard;

>     @end

>  
>     @implementation ClipBoard

>     - (id) init

>     {

>         [super init];

>         pasteBoard = [NSPasteboard generalPasteboard];

>         return self;

>     }

>  
>     - (BOOL) writeToPasteBoard:(NSString *)stringToWrite

>     {

>         return [pasteBoard setString:stringToWrite
forType:NSStringPboardType];

>     }

>  
>     - (NSString *) readFromPasteBoard

>     {

>         return [pasteBoard stringForType:NSStringPboardType];

>     }

>  
>

> @end


cocoa,xcode,pasteboard
8
How to Set a Break in HTTP in Flex 3

>

> I don't think my HTTP is being called properly and I am trying to set a
break in the HTTP. What is the correct way to do this?


flex,actionscript-3,http
47
AppEngine: Query datastore for records with <missing> value

>

> I created a new property for my db model in the Google App Engine Datastore.

>

> Old:

>  
>     >     class Logo(db.Model):

>       name = db.StringProperty()

>       image = db.BlobProperty()

>  
>

> New:

>  
>     >     class Logo(db.Model):

>       name = db.StringProperty()

>       image = db.BlobProperty()

>       is_approved = db.BooleanProperty(default=False)

>  
>

> How to query for the Logo records, which to not have the 'is_approved' value
set? I tried

>  
>     >     logos.filter("is_approved = ", None)

>  
>

> but it didn't work. In the Data Viewer the new field values are displayed as
.


python,google-app-engine,gae-datastore
18
streaming desktop to flash player

>

> I would like to stream my desktop screen (or just one application), via
Flash player, to the internet.

>

> I have wowze media player to multicast it but I have to create a stream to
give to wowze.

>

> Does anybody have have any idea how to start what would be the best way of
doing this?


java,flash,video-streaming,flash-player
53
How do I get a "central column" effect without a background image?

>

> I am designing a website layout in which all of the content is held in a
central column of a fixed width. I want this central column to have a
different background color than the rest of the page. I also want the central
column to extend from the very top of the browser to the very bottom.

>

> I am able to successfully do this using a background image of dimensions
1000x1, as follows:

>  
>     >      html

>     {

>         background: #333333 url(./images/global/background.png) repeat-y
center;

>     }

>  
>     body

>     {

>         margin: auto;

>         width: 1000px;

>     }

>  
>

> This works great in most browsers, but I would really prefer to be able to
do it without an image.

>

> I have tried setting "html" and "body" to have a "height: 100%" and then
giving "body" a background color, but if there is enough content to warrant
scrolling, the background only has a height equal to that of the browser and
when you scroll down, the background stays behind.

>

> Any tips are appreciated.


html,css
24
Can't debug in web express edition

>

> I have following configuration

>

> Vista home premium

>

> iis7

>

> studio web 2008 express edition

>

> trying to debug asp.net 3.5 application. But if try debug it with f5,
application runs but debug does not start. What could be wrong?


visual-studio-2008
12
Where is the function get_example_data in matplotlib? It seems to be missing but its in examples/tutorials

>

> Looking at this tutorial here: [link
text](http://matplotlib.sourceforge.net/plot%5Fdirective/mpl%5Fexamples/pylab%5Fexamples/finance%5Fwork2.py)
it references matplotlib.get_example_data('goog.npy'). I get an error when I
run this, and furthermore I can't even find the mpl-data/ folder in my macosx
installation of matplot lib when searching using Spotlight. Any idea what this
function is now called?


python,graph,visualization,matplotlib
58
How do you cache a row without raising a "Row provided already belongs to a DataGridView" error?

>

> I want to cache a `DataGridView` row between 'refreshes' i.e. between a
`Rows.Clear()` and a `Columns.Clear()`. However it seems that calling the
`Clear()` methods does not unbind the data from the `DataGridView` instance,
An example,

>  
>     >         public partial class Form1 : Form

>         {

>             public Form1()

>             {

>                 InitializeComponent();

>             }

>  
>             DataGridViewRow cachedRow = new DataGridViewRow();

>  
>             private void button1_Click(object sender, EventArgs e)

>             {

>                 this.dataGridView1.Rows.Clear();

>                 this.dataGridView1.Columns.Clear();

>                 DataGridViewColumn aColumn = new
DataGridViewTextBoxColumn();

>                 this.dataGridView1.Columns.Add(aColumn);

>                 this.dataGridView1.Rows.Add(cachedRow);

>             }

>         }

>  
>

> This is done on a Form containing a `DataGridView` and a `Button`. Clicking
the button twice gives the "Row provided already belongs to a DataGridView"
error.

>

> There has been some discussion online about this that suggests that it may
be a bug, however this was around 2004.


c#,.net,winforms,datagridview
25
GCC on Windows: Set "Description" field of C executable?

>

> How does one set the "Description" property of an executable? By this I mean
the value displayed when you right-click an executable in Windows Explorer and
it shows "Description:" with what seems to be just the name of the executable
without the file extension.

>

> I'm running GCC 3.4.5 (mingw-vista special r3) on Windows XP.

>

> I have googled the heck out of this to no avail, but I have a feeling I
might have to use a resource file with windres... am I on the right track at
least?

>

> I actually have been setting a custom name with -o, but I actually want a
different one altogether.


c,windows,gcc,executable
144
Form validation: multiple check made on the same script gives an error

>

> I have created a script which checks if an email is valid. I have another
function which checks if a username is taken. When checking both textboxes I
get 'error on page' if these are checked on there own it works fine.

>

> Below is my code

>  
>     >     <script type="text/javascript">

>     function AjaxFunction()

>     {

>     var httpxml;

>     try

>     {

>     // Firefox, Opera 8.0+, Safari

>     httpxml=new XMLHttpRequest();

>     }

>     catch (e)

>     {  
>     // Internet Explorer

>     try

>     {

>     httpxml=new ActiveXObject("Msxml2.XMLHTTP");

>     }

>     catch (e)

>     {

>      try

>     {

>     httpxml=new ActiveXObject("Microsoft.XMLHTTP");

>     }

>     catch (e)

>     {

>     alert("Your browser does not support AJAX!");

>     return false;

>     }

>     }

>     }

>     function stateck()

>     {

>     if(httpxml.readyState==4)

>     {

>     document.getElementById("msg").innerHTML=httpxml.responseText;

>  
>     }

>     }

>  
>     httpxml.open("GET",ajax.php,true);

>     httpxml.send(null);

>     }

>     </script>

>  
>     <form name=form action=''>

>         Username <input type=text name=username
onBlur="AjaxFunction();"><br><div id="msg"></br></div><br>

>          Email Address<input type=text name=email
onBlur="AjaxFunction();"><div id="msg"></div>

>     <br>

>     <input type=submit value=Submit >

>     </form>

>  
>

> This is my ajax.php file....note the function for checking is not on this
page, I have simply used echo $username as an example of this not working.

>  
>     >     <?

>  
>     $username=$_GET['username'];

>     echo $username;

>  
>     $email = $_GET['email'];

>     if
(!eregi("^[_a-z0-9-]+(.[_a-z0-9-]+)*@[a-z0-9-]+(.[a-z0-9-]+)*(.[a-z]{2,3})$",
$email)){

>     echo "<font color=red> Invalid email</font>";

>     }else{

>     echo "<font color=green> Valid Email</font>";}

>     ?>

>  
>

> Thanks =)


php,ajax
64
Getting MySQL to work on CentOs 5

>

> I've bee tearing my hair out trying to get MySQL 5 running on CentOS 5 but
I've had hardly any luck. If I leave everything as default, and launch the
initial install it works a charm, but if I tell the my.cnf to use a different
drive to store the data, I continuously get the "Timeout error occurred trying
to start MySQL Daemon." error.

>

> My.cnf is as follows:

>  
>     >     [mysqld]

>     datadir=/database/mysql

>     socket=/database/mysql/mysql.sock

>     user=mysql

>     old_passwords=1

>     log-error=/database/log/mysqld.log

>     long_query_time  = 10

>     log_slow_queries = /database/log/mysql-slow.log

>     query-cache-type = 1

>     query-cache-size = 8M

>     innodb_file_per_table

>     skip-bdb

>     set-variable = local-infile=0

>  
>     [mysqld_safe]

>     pid-file=/var/run/mysqld/mysqld.pid

>  
>

> The folders all have the right privileges and the mysqld.log doesn't have
any error messages in there, according to it, MySQL launced successfuly. Oh,
and /database is a mounted drive, but even if I trial it on a local directory,
I get the same error.

>

> Any ideas what could be going wrong? i've seriously waisted more than 5
hours on this now :(

>

> CHEERS


mysql,setup,centos
16
What represents the most mentally challenging form of coding?

>

> I am pursuing a graduate degree in Organic Chemistry.

>

> Right now, many talented people in my area are headed towards
nanotechnology.

>

> What is the equivalent field in modern computer science?


computer-science
28
Hosting a WCF Service in Vista

>

> I put together a small WCF service in VS2008 and when I try to run the host
using an HTTP protocol, it bombs because it doesn't have the proper rights to
do so. On my "Host.Open()" line I get this exception: "**HTTP could not
register URL <http://+:9001/>. Your process does not have access rights to
this namespace**." I did not seem to have this problem using TCP. My o/s is
Vista Home Premium.

>

> This was happening when I would try to Debug it inside VS2008. After a lot
of research, I determined I could get the host to run by building, going to
the "bin" folder, and right-clicking on my executable, selecting "Run as
Administrator". The same thing happened when I tried to use the
WcfSvcHost.exe. I had to open the VS2008 Command Prompt window from my menu
using "Run as Admin" before I could successfully get WcfSvcHost to run my
service.

>

> Is there a way to do this right instead of using this workaround? Am I going
to have similar problems when I try to deploy this next week on a Windows 2003
Server?


visual-studio,wcf,http,windows-vista,service
28
Displaying a list of views

>

> Here's a mockup:

>

> ![A mockup](http://img.skitch.com/20090228-mqdj17xijycc98spf181a8q6q7.jpg)

>

> I have been trying to find some sample code that showcases something like
this -- a scroll view with a list of custom views. Haven't found anything.
I've been trying to find some open source projects that does this (that isn't
Adium with a million files and lines of code), but haven't found anything
there either.

>

> I've been told that I can use NSMatrix to achieve this. Again, haven't found
any sample code.

>

> Anyone got some suggestions? Or sample code ; )


objective-c,cocoa
65
CALayer not rendering when added after view visible

>

> I'm probably just missing something really simple but whenever I add
CALayers after the view is visible they don't render. Here's the code I'm
using:

>  
>     >     [[imageLayers objectAtIndex:0] removeFromSuperlayer];

>     [imageLayers removeObjectAtIndex:0];

>     [[imageLayers objectAtIndex:0] removeFromSuperlayer];

>     [imageLayers removeObjectAtIndex:0];

>     firstImageOffset = (firstImageOffset + 2) % [pieceCache count];

>     int topIndex = (firstImageOffset + 6) % [pieceCache count];

>     int bottomIndex = (firstImageOffset + 7) % [pieceCache count];

>     float xPos = [(CALayer*)[imageLayers lastObject] position].x +
kShiftXPixels;

>  
>     CALayer* layer1 = [CALayer layer];

>     [layer1 setFrame:CGRectMake(0, 0, kImageWidth, kImageHeight)];

>     [layer1 setContents:(id)[UIImage imageNamed:[[pieceCache
objectAtIndex:topIndex] objectForKey:@"image_name"]]];

>     [[[self view] layer] addSublayer:layer1];

>     [layer1 setPosition:CGPointMake(xPos, kTopRowYPos)];

>     [imageLayers addObject:layer1];

>  
>     CALayer* layer2 = [CALayer layer];

>     [layer2 setFrame:CGRectMake(0, 0, kImageWidth, kImageHeight)];

>     [layer2 setContents:(id)[UIImage imageNamed:[[pieceCache
objectAtIndex:bottomIndex] objectForKey:@"image_name"]]];

>     [[[self view] layer] addSublayer:layer2];

>     [layer2 setPosition:CGPointMake(xPos, kBottomRowYPos)];

>     [imageLayers addObject:layer2];

>

> I've also tried reusing the same layers and just setting the contents to a
different CGImage (via setContents:), this also causes the layer to stop
rendering (more specifically it animates as if the opacity has been set to 0
thought it's still 1). I've verified that the layers are actually in the
view's layer tree by enumerating the view layer's sublayers. They appear to
have the right images and be in the correct positions, they just don't draw.
Any help would be greatly appreciated.


iphone,core-animation
9
External classes in Python

>

> I'm just beginning Python, and I'd like to use an external RSS class. Where
do I put that class and how do I import it? I'd like to eventually be able to
share python programs.


python,python-module,python-import
16
C# (Visual studio): Correlation between database, dataset, binding source

>

> I am just learning C# through Visual Studio 2008?

>

> I was wondering what exactly is the correlation between dabases, datasets
and binding sources?

>

> As well, what is the function of the table adapter?


c#,database,visual-studio,dataset,bindingsource
37
Squash the first two commits in Git?

>

> With `git rebase --interactive &lt;commit&gt;` you can squash any number of
commits together into a single one.

>

> That's all great unless you want to squash commits into the initial commit.
That seems impossible to do.

>

> Are there any ways to achieve it?

>

> * * *

>

> ### Moderately related:

>

> In a related question, I managed to come up with a different approach to the
need of squashing against the first commit, which is, well, to make it the
second one.

>

> If you're interested: [git: how to insert a commit as the first, shifting
all the others?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/645450/git-how-to-insert-a
-commit-as-the-first-shifting-all-the-others)


git,rebase,git-rebase,squash
26
Linq Query to Dataset

>

> I got a linq query. I wanna take this query results to a dataset. How can I
do this ?

>  
>     >     var variable = from t in db.Islems

>                    where t.Tarih >= dateTimePicker1.Value

>                          && t.Tarih < dateTimePicker2.Value

>                    select t;

>  
>     DataSet ds = new DataSet();

>  
>

> I wanna load the query results to the dataset, then use it in Crystal
Reports.


linq-to-sql
28
Is NSTimer auto retained?

>

> I have a -(void)save method that is called when a user clicks a navigation
bar button. In that method is the following NSTimer:

>  
>     >     [NSTimer scheduledTimerWithTimeInterval:.25f target:self
selector:@selector(flashBackgroundRed) userInfo: nil repeats: flashRepeat];

>  
>

> The timer repeats 4 times since the flashBackgroundRed keeps a count and
sets flashRepeat to NO after 4 hits. All works well the first time a user
clicks to save. But if the user keeps hitting save with incorrect data, I keep
them on the current view. For some reason, flashes get increasing faster. As
if each one is 25% of the previous one's interval. I'm not retaining this
timer. It only lives in the save method.

>

> If the user clicks the cancel button, viewB (one with NSTimer) is popped and
viewA displays. Going from viewA back to viewB seems to reset the timer
invterval. But the increasingly fast flashes cycle starts again. Any ideas?


objective-c,iphone,cocoa-touch
15
I would like some help with an autoroller im coding in javascript

>

> I have a game that requires you to click on an object to collect prizes, but
instead of giving my user carpel tunnel I want to create an autoroller. I have
some code done already but I cant get it to work. If there is anyone out there
that would be able to help me get this code working, it would be greatly
appreciated.

>

> Thanks


javascript
27
iPhone: auto zip the executable in the build process

>

> I would like to add a script that zips the executable after my iphone app is
done building. I've tried doing this by adding a Post Build script to the
target. However, in the build process, the code-signing procedure occurs after
the build scripts are run. Therefore, the app bundle that is zipped is useless
for itunes submission.

>

> Has anyone figured out a way around this?

>

> One suggestion I have found via google is to add an aggregate target that
contains the iphone app and add the post build script to this aggregate
target. Although this method sounds nice if you have only a single app target
in your project, it appears to not work so well if you have multiple targets,
which is my case (ie. lite, paid, etc...)

>

> Thank you


iphone,build,zip
15
custom time zone

>

> Is thee some way of implementing a custom time zone in windows?

>

> We have some PCs in Creston, British Columbia, Canada ([Time zone
exception](http://www.worldtimeserver.com/current%5Ftime%5Fin%5FCA-
BC1.aspx?city=Creston)) which stays the same time all year. So essentially,
Creston does not observe a time zone. Can I implement this behavior in
windowsÉ


windows,timezone
67
TypeError: Value undefined (result of expression xmlDoc.load) is not object

>

> I am trying to load an XML file using Javascript and I have yet to find a
good function that works in IE, Firefox, and Safari. The load function I am
currently using is basically the one straight out of the w3schools tutorials:

>

>
[http://www.w3schools.com/XML/tryit.asp?filename=tryxml_dom_createelement](http://www.w3schools.com/XML/tryit.asp?filename=tryxml%5Fdom%5Fcreateelement)

>

> The exact code looks like:

>  
>     >     if (window.ActiveXObject)

>     {

>     xmlDoc=new ActiveXObject("Microsoft.XMLDOM");

>     }

>     // code for Mozilla, Firefox, Opera, etc.

>     else if (document.implementation.createDocument)

>     {

>     xmlDoc=document.implementation.createDocument("","",null);

>     }

>     else

>     {

>     alert('Your browser cannot handle this script');

>     }

>     xmlDoc.async=false;

>     xmlDoc.load(dname);

>  
>

> Where dname = the url of the xml file. This code gets a "TypeError: Value
undefined (result of expression xmlDoc.load) is not object." in Safari.

>

> I have also tried the code on this site:

>

> <http://developer.apple.com/internet/webcontent/xmlhttpreq.html>

>

> However, it yields a null XML file. Can anyone help?


javascript,xml,ajax
49
Generic code is shared for reference type why and efficiency implications

>

> Allegedly, the native code is shared for instantiated generic types when it
is instantiated with a reference type, but not for value types.

>

> Why is that? would someone explain the in-depth details?

>

> To make more concrete:

>

> class MyGenericType{

>

> }

>  
>     >      MyGenericType<string> and MyGenericType<Shape>

>  
>

> will have only one code generated, whereas

>  
>     >      MyGenericType<int> and MyGenericType<long>

>  
>

> will NOT, hence it begs the question if using reference types is more
efficient --

>  
>     >     MyGenericType<int> vs. MyGenericType<SomeIntegerWrapper>

>  
>

> Thanks


c#,.net,generics
22
Definitive source(s) for the difference between Silverlight and WPF

>

> Does anyone know of a definitive guide or guides that tells us the
differences between WPF and Silverlight. I know that Silverlight, for example,
doesn’t have all the controls and all the namespaces that WPF has. Is there a
source which tells me exactly what controls and namespaces are absent in
Silverlight?

>

> There are other things that I know off the top of my head, like only
allowing asynchronous communications using basic http binding. Also,
Silverlgiht doesn’t have all of the type converters out of the box.

>

> Anyone else have interesting experiences with the nuances or know of sources
that explain them?


.net,wpf,silverlight,compatibility
33
Most important things about C# generics... lesson learned

>

> What are most important things you know about generics: hidden features,
common mistakes, best and most useful practices, tips...

>

> I am starting to implement most of my library/API using generics and would
like to collect most common patterns, tips, etc., found in practice.

>

> Let me formalize the question: What is the most important thing you've
learned about generics?

>

> **Please try to provide examples -- it would be easier to understand, as
opposed to convoluted and overly-dry descriptions**

>

> Thanks

>

> This question is somewhat similar to [Jon's
question](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/215548/whats-the-hardest-or-most-
misunderstood-aspect-of-linq?...I), though, on a different subject.


c#,.net,generics
25
implicit vs explicit interface implementation

>

>> **Possible Duplicate:**  
>  [C#: Interfaces - Implicit and Explicit
implementation](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/143405/c-interfaces-
implicit-and-explicit-implementation)

>

> Would someone explain the differences between these two beasts and how to
use them. AFAIK, many pre.2.0 classes were implemented without generic types,
thus causing latter version to implement both flavors of interfaces. Is the
the only case why one would need to use them?

>

> Can you also explain in depth how to use them.?

>

> Thanks


c#,.net,interface
105
How to match a text node then follow parent nodes using XPath

>

> I'm trying to parse some HTML with XPath. Following the simplified XML
example below, I want to match the string 'Text 1', then grab the contents of
the relevant `content` node.

>  
>     >     <doc>

>         <block>

>             <title>Text 1</title>

>             <content>Stuff I want</content>

>         </block>

>  
>         <block>

>             <title>Text 2</title>

>             <content>Stuff I don't want</content>

>         </block>

>     </doc>

>  
>

> My Python code throws a wobbly:

>  
>     >     >>> from lxml import etree

>     >>>

>     >>> tree = etree.XML("<doc><block><title>Text 1</title><content>Stuff

>     I want</content></block><block><title>Text 2</title><content>Stuff I d

>     on't want</content></block></doc>")

>     >>>

>     >>> # get all titles

>     ... tree.xpath('//title/text()')

>     ['Text 1', 'Text 2']

>     >>>

>     >>> # match 'Text 1'

>     ... tree.xpath('//title/text()="Text 1"')

>     True

>     >>>

>     >>> # Follow parent from selected nodes

>     ... tree.xpath('//title/text()/../..//text()')

>     ['Text 1', 'Stuff I want', 'Text 2', "Stuff I don't want"]

>     >>>

>     >>> # Follow parent from selected node

>     ... tree.xpath('//title/text()="Text 1"/../..//text()')

>     Traceback (most recent call last):

>       File "<stdin>", line 1, in <module>

>       File "lxml.etree.pyx", line 1330, in lxml.etree._Element.xpath (src/

>     lxml/lxml.etree.c:14542)

>       File "xpath.pxi", line 287, in lxml.etree.XPathElementEvaluator.__ca

>     ll__ (src/lxml/lxml.etree.c:90093)

>       File "xpath.pxi", line 209, in lxml.etree._XPathEvaluatorBase._handl

>     e_result (src/lxml/lxml.etree.c:89446)

>       File "xpath.pxi", line 194, in lxml.etree._XPathEvaluatorBase._raise

>     _eval_error (src/lxml/lxml.etree.c:89281)

>     lxml.etree.XPathEvalError: Invalid type

>  
>

> Is this possible in XPath? Do I need to express what I want to do in a
different way?


python,html,xpath,lxml
10
Overwhelmed by Machine Learning---is there an ML101 book?

>

> It seems like there are so many subfields linked to Machine Learning. Is
there a book or a blog that gives an overview of those different fields and
what each of them do, maybe how to get started, and what background knowledge
is required?


machine-learning,data-mining
10
Cron does not run from /root

>

> If I run a script from `/home/&lt;user&gt;/&lt;dir&gt;/script.sh`, as root,
the cron works pretty well. But If I run the script from
`/root/&lt;dir&gt;/script.sh` (as root, again), the cron does not seem to
work.


linux,cron
17
Should I migrate from Ant to Maven?

>

> I am working on a fairly large project (with a number of modules, a bunch of
external libraries etc.) and we are now considering switching from Ant to
Maven. I understand the differences between the two, but I am not convinced
that it is really worth spending time converting the project layout, setting
up all the dependencies, teaching developers and configuration managers doing
things "the new way" etc.

>

> There are a lot of resources on the web describing how to migrate from Ant
to Maven, but I haven't found that many that say why :-)


maven-2,ant,migration
10
With a DAO pattern, do you ever expose the EntityManager or Session as a parameter?

>

> Is there ever a case in a standard webapp where one would pass an
EntityManager or Session as a parameter to a DAO call, i.e.
`findPersonByName(String name, Session session)`? Or should the the opening
and closing of the session be abstracted in the implementation?


java,orm
13
How can I position a jQuery dialog over a (Google) map?

>

> If my map has too many points on it I want my users to zoom in to view fewer
points. I'd also like to display other notifications, not sure if I should do
this on the map or not, but it would relate directly to the stuff on the map.

>

> Anyone know of an easy way to do this sort of thing?


jquery-ui,google-maps,jquery-ui-dialog
52
What git workflow to use for 2 non-co-located developers?

>

> I've got a contract to write part of a program. The person writing the other
part is in another city. I want to find a convenient way to send changes back
and forth. For other reasons, I'd like to learn to use git as a distributed
VCS and email changes back and forth. (I've worked with SCCS, RCS, and PVCS
before, always with locking. I want to push myself to learn how to better use
branching & merging and to not depend on a central server.)  
>  
>  We need to do the following two tasks (pretty standard list):  
>  (a) Each of us contribute to bug fixes and new features that require
changes to both parts.  
>  (b) Compile and package binaries for customers.  
>  (We also need to work separately on features that don't depend on the
other, but I assume that anything that works for task (a) will work for this
also.)  
>  
>  Background: The other guy has never used a VCS before; he's a little
resistant to the idea. He didn't even know that they don't all still use
locking checkouts. I'd need to understand everything we do in enough depth
that I can help him over the rough spots with not much frustration on his
part. He's also very uncomfortable with storing the source on a server, which
is another reason to prefer emailing changes. We can easily encrypt them.  
>  
>  Other possibly relevant context: We're using Delphi on Windows as our
development environment. It's extremely unlikely we'd ever add another
developer. We only need to package customer versions a couple of times a year,
if that. The number of customers will probably never exceed ten.  
>  
>  Questions:  
>  1) Should I use this project to learn techniques for distributed
development? Or is that so much overkill that I should just do something
simpler? I don't mind spending some extra time on the learning, but no more
than a couple of weeks.  
>  
>  2) Assuming "Yes" to question 1, what workflow should we use for each of
the tasks above?  
>  
>  3) What Windows GUI programs will do all the required tasks? (I'm very
comfortable with command line stuff; he's not.)  
>  
>  Thanks for your help.  
>  
>  I have written a pretty detailed tutorial on "gitting started" that shows
what I've learned so far about using git. It's at
<http://xorandor.com/GittingStarted> if you want to read it so far. I tried to
write it for a git novice who knows a little bit but not a whole lot about
VCSs in general. I plan to add to that as I learn more.


git,workflow
35
bits of jQuery1.3.2 showing up as 404's

>

> I just started using jQuery 1.3.2 on one of my sites - mostly DOM stuff but
there's a little bit of ajax. My log records show consistent 404's coming from
the folder where I keep the jQuery file, and the 'pages' triggering the error
turn out to be snippets of the jQuery file:

>

>     * ){F.html(E?o(

>     * ]||!o.suppo

>     * rt.htmlSerialize&&[1,

>

> I've scoured my site looking for js errors, but I'm not finding any. But
googling these returns nothing (but the jQuery file).

>

> Any ideas?

>

> Thanks,

>

> Corey


jquery,ajax,http-status-code-404
68
CFReadStreamHasBytesAvailable polling - best practices

>

> I'm currently polling my `CFReadStream` for new data with
`CFReadStreamHasBytesAvailable`.

>

> (First, some background: I'm doing my own threading and I don't want/need to
mess with runloop stuff, so the client callback stuff doesn't really apply
here).

>

> My question is: what are accepted practices for polling?

>

> [Apple's
documentation](http://developer.apple.com/documentation/Networking/Conceptual/CFNetwork/CFStreamTasks/chapter%5F4%5Fsection%5F4.html#//apple%5Fref/doc/uid/TP30000230-62008)
on the subject doesn't seem too helpful.

>

> They recommend to "do something else while you wait". I'm currently just
doing something along the lines of:

>  
>     >     while(!done)

>     {

>       if(CFReadStreamHasBytesAvailable(readStream))

>       {

>         CFReadStreamRead(...) ... bla bla bla

>       } else {

>         usleep(3600); // I made this up

>         sched_yield(); // also made this up

>         continue;

>       }

>     }

>  
>

> Is the `usleep` and the `sched_yield` "good enough"? In there a "good"
number to sleep for in `usleep`?

>

> (Also: yes, because this is running in my own thread, I could just block on
`CFReadStreamRead` - which would be great but I'm also trying to snag upload
progress as well as download progress, so blocking there wouldn't help...).

>

> Any insight would be much appreciated - thanks!


iphone,cocoa,cocoa-touch,network-programming,core-foundation
12
Developing on Apple (new platform question)

>

> Coming from a Microsoft development backgroup I am a bit confused as to what
development languages/environments are available on an Mac. Are there any C#
like languages to develop with on the Mac other than Java that I should also
consider? What do MS to OSX converts prefer and why? I am after a business
level programming strategy and not gaming or graphics so application
performance is not the overall driver for my choice of platform.


c#,osx,microsoft,development-environment
12
Android Strip Audio From Video

>

> In my program, it gets MP4 video in, and I want it to output a MP3 (without
any server-side stuff.) Since Android (and my app) needs to run on many
different hardware configurations, this means I probably cannot use FFMPEG. I
know this may be very battery and processing power intensive, especially for a
mobile phone, but I need this option for my users. I cannot find any native
libraries for Java that don't use FFMPEG.


android,audio,video,video-processing,strip
30
VB.NET variable scope

>

> Are variables declared in a case statement local to that case statement -

>

> For example, in the following code, is it safe to use z like this? Or is the
compiler just placing z at the procedure scope?

>  
>     >             Select Case x

>                 Case 6

>                     Dim z As Integer = 6

>                 Case 7

>                     Dim z As Integer = 7

>             End Select

>  
>

> `


vb.net,variables,variable-scope
32
How to synchronize media playback over an unreliable network?

>

> I wish I could play music or video on one computer, and have a second
computer playing the same media, synchronized. As in, I can hear both
computers' speakers at the same time, and it doesn't sound funny.

>

> I want to do this over Wi-Fi, which is slightly unreliable.

>

> Algorithmically, what's the best approach to this problem?

>

> ## EDIT 1

>

> Whether both computers "play" the same media, or one "plays" the media and
streams it to the other, doesn't matter to me.

>

> I am certain this is a tractable problem because I once saw a demo of Wi-Fi
speakers. That was 5+ years ago, so I'm figure the technology should make it
easier today.


networking,synchronization,audio-streaming
8
IIS7: View resources used by specific website

>

> Is there a way to view the resources (RAM, CPU, etc) used by specific
websites hosted in IIS? Something like task manager, but specifically for IIS.


iis,iis-7,hosting
46
SQL query that sorts all results alphabetically except one?

>

> I have a small problem. I'm populating a select tag with results from a SQL
database. What I would like to have is the last one added as the top entry and
the rest sorted alphabetically.

>

> So it would return:

>  
>     >     *----------*-------------*

>     developerID|developerName

>     *----------*-------------*

>     | 40       | ZZZ Dev     |

>     | 39       | A Dev       |

>     | 38       | Be New Dev  |

>     *----------*-------------*

>  
>

> Currently it just selects all the entries in descending order:

>  
>     >     "SELECT developerName, developerID FROM developer ORDER BY
developerID DESC"

>  
>

> Which is fine, but not as usable as I would like.

>

> Is what I want possible using pure MySQL?


mysql
28
Why XmlDocument throw when doing this XPath request?

>  
>     >     var xmlDoc = new XmlDocument();

>     xmlDoc.Load("XMLFile1.xml");

>     XmlNamespaceManager manager = new XmlNamespaceManager(xmlDoc.NameTable);

>     manager.AddNamespace("frbny", "urn:toto");

>     var curs =
xmlDoc.SelectNodes("/frbny:DataSet/frbny:Series/frbny:Key/frbny:CURR");

>     var values =
xmlDoc.SelectNodes("/frbny:DataSet/frbny:Series/frbny:Obs/frbny:OBS_VALUE");

>  
>

> Why this code does not work ? It throws with the first xmlDoc.SelectNodes,
saying that he does not find the namespace manager or the XsltContext...

>

> I've done the same thing as here : <http://support.microsoft.com/kb/318545>


.net,xml,xpath
29
Java List with blank allowed

>

> This is probably really simple but I really could not word it properly on
Google. I have an ArrayList that keeps the info for each thread. Each thread
has its own ID. So, at the beginning:

>  
>     >     myList.add(theIdOfTheThread, new InfoForTheThread()); //Add new
thread info at index theIdOfTheThread

>  
>

> And when I want info:

>  
>     >     myList.get(myId); //The info for the thread

>  
>

> But, I always get OutOfRangeExceptions whenever a lower thread finishes and
removes its entry, etc. So, I am sure there must be a better class to use for
this, where I can just put entries in at any index I want, and pull them out
at any index I want and they stay.


java,list,outofrangeexception
18
Where can I find UML diagrams (instead of reinventing the wheel)?

>

> I am currently trying to draw a set of UML diagrams to represent products,
offers, orders, deliveries and payments. These diagrams have probably been
invented by a million developers before me.

>

>     1. Are there any efforts to standardize the modeling of such common
things? Or even the modeling of specific domains (for example car-
manufacturing).

>     2. Do you know if there is some sort of repository containing UML
diagrams (class diagrams, sequence diagrams, state diagrams...)?


repository,diagram,uml-modeling,analysis-patterns
9
Silverlight and VS 2005 or VS 2008 Express Edition

>

> Is is possible to create silverlight content in C# using Visual Studio 2005
Professional or Visual Studio 2008 Express Edition? I can't find an answer on
Microsoft's web site. Thanks for any help!


c#,visual-studio,silverlight,silverlight-2.0
24
Python HTML removal

>

> How can I remove all HTML from a string in Python? For example, how can I
turn:

>  
>     >     blah blah <a href="blah">link</a>

>  
>

> into

>  
>     >     blah blah link

>  
>

> Thanks!


python,string
32
What are the best techniques for making my LAMP sites download faster?

>

> I have a few sites I built for my work, nothing major, mainly just little
tools which people can access and use when they're out of the office. I'm not
very experienced as a developer but I like to tinker quite a lot and I was
wondering if anyone had any clever little tweaks I could do to my sites to
make them download faster? We have an office in south america with a poor
internet connection who constantly complain my sites take too long to use. So
far I have found the following site which was quite useful and the guys in the
other office said they'd seen a difference in the service [www.dev-
explorer.com/articles/apache-optimisation](http://www.dev-
explorer.com/articles/apache-optimisation)

>

> Anyone kno of any more little bits and pieces I could do?

>

> Any help is much appreciated.

>

> Thanks in advance

>

> John


php,apache,optimization,lamp
83
wxPython dialogs

>

> I am writing a class in wxPython that displays error dialogs. Here is my
code:

>  
>     >     import wx

>  
>     class Error:

>        def __init__(self, number, string):

>           self.error_type = number

>           self.error_message = string

>           self.choose_error()

>  
>        def choose_error(self):

>           if self.error_type == 1:

>              self.DisplayMessage1()

>           elif self.error_type == 2:

>              self.DisplayMessage2()

>           elif self.error_type == 3:

>              self.DisplayMessage3()

>           elif self.error_type == 4:

>              self.DisplayMessage4()

>  
>        def DisplayMessage1(self):

>           dial = wx.MessageDialog(None, self.error_message, 'Info', wx.OK)

>           dial.ShowModal()

>  
>        def DisplayMessage2(self):

>           dial = wx.MessageDialog(None, self.error_message, 'Error', wx.OK |

>              wx.ICON_ERROR)

>           dial.ShowModal()

>  
>        def DisplayMessage3(self):

>           dial = wx.MessageDialog(None, self.error_message, 'Question',

>              wx.YES_NO | wx.NO_DEFAULT | wx.ICON_QUESTION)

>           dial.ShowModal()

>  
>        def DisplayMessage4(self):

>           dial = wx.MessageDialog(None, self.error_message, 'Warning', wx.OK
|

>              wx.ICON_EXCLAMATION)

>           dial.ShowModal()

>  
>

> How can change the default icons used to the custom ones?? I tried to
replace them with wx.Icon but it did not work. Are dialogs in wxPython limited
to the icons I used above? On Mac OS X they do not seem to display correctly.


gui,wxpython,icons,dialog
8
XML node with Mixed Content using PHP DOM

>

> Is there a way to create a node that has mixed XML content in it with the
PHP DOM?


php,xml,dom
11
In DDD, what are the actual advantages of value objects?

>

> I have gotten so far that I understand entity objects have an ID while value
object have not, but in the most common example you have the person entity
that have a address value object attached to it. What is the big advantage of
creating a separate address object instead of just keeping the address
properties within the Person Entity?


domain-driven-design,entities,value-objects
13
How to implement 'open file location' behaviour programmatically (c++ builder)

>

> In Windows Media Player you can right click on a music file and click 'open
file location' and it opens an explorer window with the file selected.

>

> I want to be able to do this in applications. So given a filename (as an
ansi string) I want to be able to go to the file in a new explorer window.


windows,filesystems,c++builder
38
How to register a custom keyboard shortcut for a windows application

>

> I want to create a windows utility application, which can be called anytime
from within any other application using a keyboard shortcut, e.g.:

>

> • Win \+ T

>

> • Ctrl \+ T

>

> • Alt \+ T

>

> • Ctrl \+ Alt \+ T

>

> • Ctrl \+ Shift \+ T

>

> **What key combinations can I use and how to setup those in the windows
registry?**

>

> (If the shortcut is used by an other application, it should of course not
work.)


windows,registry,keyboard-shortcuts
132
Retrieving data with Selenium

>

> I want to get the business hours from ScotiaBank branches that are near to
me.

>

> The base-URL is: <http://maps.scotiabank.com/>

>

> I then,

>

> Click on the "Branches" radiobox.

>

> Click on the "Open Saturdays" checkbox.

>

> Enter "B3H 1M7" (my postal code) into the search box.

>

> Click the Search button.

>

> Click on the first result that pops up (Micmac shopping centre).

>

> Store the business hours as a variable (called businessHours).

>

> And now I'm stuck.

>

> How can I export the data that I assigned to the variable to a text file or
anywhere else where I can view it later? I'm not sure if this is even possible
with Selenium, but if it's not, can you tell me an alternative of how I could
do this?

>

> Below is the HTML code for the current Selenium script that I have.

>  
>     >     <tr>

>         <td>open</td>

>         <td>/en/index.php</td>

>         <td></td>

>     </tr>

>     <tr>

>         <td>click</td>

>         <td>rb_branch</td>

>         <td></td>

>     </tr>

>     <tr>

>         <td>click</td>

>         <td>cb_saturday</td>

>         <td></td>

>     </tr>

>     <tr>

>         <td>type</td>

>         <td>input_address</td>

>         <td>B3H 1M7</td>

>     </tr>

>     <tr>

>         <td>clickAndWait</td>

>         <td>btn_search_address</td>

>         <td></td>

>     </tr>

>     <tr>

>         <td>click</td>

>         <td>result0</td>

>         <td></td>

>     </tr>

>     <tr>

>         <td>storeTextPresent</td>

>         <td>Mon:    9:30 AM - 5:00 PM    Thu:    9:30 AM - 8:00 PM

>     <br />Tue:    9:30 AM - 5:00 PM    Fri:    9:30 AM - 5:00 PM

>     <br />Wed:    9:30 AM - 5:00 PM    Sat:    9:00 AM - 1:00 PM</td>

>         <td>businessHours</td>

>     </tr>

>  


selenium,information-retrieval
10
How to get started building a web browser?

>

> I decided to put some effort in building a web browser (from scratch), any
recommendations on how to get started! not only coding, also design patterns,
and best practices advices are highly appreciated.  
>  PS: I'm using C# .NET


c#,web-browser
38
How can I collect user feedback without physically seeing my users?

>

> Like probably a lot of software developers, I almost never see real users
using my software.

>

> It is, of course, quite difficult to get good user feedback in this
situation. Even if some users agree to give me some piece of information about
the way they use the software, there's a huge difference between how they
really use it and how they think they use it.

>

> By chance, my software is client/server, which means I can quite easily
technically collect some information on the server.

>

> Of course, nothing equals looking at a real user using the software in real
life, but I think it's better than nothing, or at least it's worth trying :)

>

> While I log all the exceptions raised on the client in my database, I've not
been beside this point yet.

>

>     * Has anyone does that before?

>     * What information would you log?

>     * Are there some legal issues? How should I deal with those?


user-experience,user-feedback
33
What are some precautions a LAMP application should undertake on initialisation?

>

> I want to write a PHP application that is going to do some checks first, to
ensure an optimal and secure environment. I'm sure I alone can not think of
everything, so what am I missing?

>

>     * Ensure MySQL username/password can SELECT, INSERT etc

>     * Update PHP timezone

>     * Check for register_globals and warn if enabled

>     * Ensure /install is deleted

>     * If no config file make one

>     * Ensure config file doesn't have write permissions

>     * Erase cache folder contents if over 50mb or so

>     * Make sure GD and PDO are installed and working

>

> Please answer with any more ideas or if any of the above aern't a good idea.
I probably realise the cache folder thing should be a cron job that runs every
week or so.


php,security
17
Why Fit/FitNesse?

>

> What's the point of using Fit/FitNesse instead of xUnit-style integration
tests? It has really strange and very unclear syntax in my opinion.

>

> Is it really only to make product owners write tests? They won't! It's too
complicated for them. So why should anyone Fit/FitNesse?

>

> **Update** So it's totally suitable for business-rules tests only?


fitnesse,xunit,fit-framework
44
Calling a stored proc within a stored proc

>

> I am attemting to create a storedproc that reads like:

>  
>     >     Select

>        ep.EmployeeID, GetEmployeeFirstName(ep.EmployeeID),

>        GetEmployeeLastName(ep.EmployeeID), ed.EmployeeDateOfBirth,

>        ed.EmployeeAddress, ed.EmployeeAddress2, ed.City, ed.State,
ed.ZipCode

>     From

>        EmployeeProfile ep, EmployeeDetail ed

>     Where

>        ep.EmployeeID = ed.EmployeeID

>  
>

> This block of code will be a stored procedure. My issue is that
GetEmployeeFirstName is a stored proc that has to be passed an EmployeeID to
get the employees first and last name.

>

> How can I call a storedproc within a stored proc.

>

> Thanks

>

> Mike


stored-procedures
24
"User Preferences" Database Table Design

>

> I'm looking to create a table for user preferences and can't figure the best
way to do it. The way that the ASP.NET does it by default seems extremely
awkward, and would like to avoid that. Currently, I'm using one row per user,
where I have a different column for each user preference (not normalized, I
know).

>

> So, the other idea that I had come up with was to split the Preferences
themselves up into their own table, and then have a row PER preference PER
user in a user preferences table; however, this would mean each preference
would need to be the exact same datatype, which also doesn't sound too
appealing to me.

>

> So, my question is: What is the best/most logical way to design a database
to hold user preference values?


asp.net,database,sql-server-2005,database-design
106
How can I access local scope dynamically in javascript?

>

> If you want to use global functions and variable dynamically you can use:

>  
>     >     window[functionName](window[varName]);

>  
>

> Is it possible to do the same thing for variables in the local scope?

>

> This code works correctly but currently uses eval and I'm trying to think of
how else to do it.

>  
>     >     var test = function(){

>         //this = window

>         var a, b, c; //private variables

>  
>         var prop = function(name, def){

>          //this = window

>          eval(name+ ' = ' + (def.toSource() || undefined) + ';');

>  
>          return function(value){

>           //this = test object

>           if ( !value) {

>            return eval('(' + name + ')');

>           }

>           eval(name + ' = value;')

>           return this;

>          };

>  
>         };

>  
>         return {

>          a:prop('a', 1),

>          b:prop('b', 2),

>          c:prop('c', 3),

>          d:function(){

>           //to show that they are accessible via to methods

>           return [a,b,c];

>          }

>         };

>     }();

>  
>     >>>test

>     Object

>     >>>test.prop

>     undefined

>     >>>test.a

>     function()

>     >>>test.a()

>     1 //returns the default

>     >>>test.a(123)

>     Object //returns the object

>     >>>test.a()

>     123 //returns the changed private variable

>     >>>test.d()

>     [123,2,3]

>  


javascript,scope
65
Working with MySQL booleans in python

>

> I am querying a MySQL database in python and selecting a boolean value -- so
the response from MySQL is either the string 'True' or 'False'. I would like
to execute further code based on the boolean value from MySQL.

>

> E.g.

>  
>     >     data = 'False'  # assume this is what was returned by MySQL.

>     if data:

>       print 'Success'  #really this would be where I would execute other if
True.

>     else:

>       print 'Fail'  #really this would be where I would execute other code
if False

>  
>

> But I can't do this because

>  
>     >     if data:

>  
>

> will always return True

>

> So how do I convert the string that MySQL is returning into a boolean in
python?

>

> Currently I have:

>  
>     >     data = 'False'  # assume this is what was returned by MySQL.

>     if data == 'True':

>       print 'Success'

>     else:

>       print 'Fail'

>  
>

> I believe there must be a better way to do this in python -- likely there is
something simple I am missing.


python,mysql,boolean
27
Creating Plain .rb Files with Aptana RadRails

>

> I have just bought a MacBook for some ruby development and like the look of
Aptana Studio as a really nice IDE.

>

> The question I have, however, is that I want to know (before getting too
deep into it, and potentially wasting time) is can I create plain old .rb
files without the rails framework attached? Also, can I execute the ruby file
straight from the IDE, or will I have to use Terminal?

>

> As I said, I am only just learning Ruby and I am working through some books
I have bought, and while I do wish to get into rails soon, I feel its
important to learn the language properly, before asking rails to do a lot of
stuff for me.

>

> Any other thoughts on best practices and other potential IDE's would also be
appreciated.


ruby-on-rails,ruby,ide,aptana,radrails
20
Why are images and javascript files included in DNN no longer cached on the client after I replace them?

>

> I installed DotNetNuke version 4.9.2 and I'm watching the primed cache
states using Firebug and YSLOW...

>

> All the images and javascript are cached on the client, unless I replace
them... So If I upload a new LOGO image, it is no longer cached. The existing
ones are cached. If i replace an existing .js file (I ran one through the
minifier), it is no longer cached. If i replace the new file with the original
file, they are once again cached.

>

> I couldn't find any documentation on this... any ideas? Thanks!


optimization,caching,dnn
19
Switching from Win32 to Windows Mobile 6: any tips?

>

> I'm starting on a Windows Mobile project (no .NET Compact Framework - just
native code). Having been a Win32 programmer (managed and native) for many
years, I probably have some "desktop-isms" built in my brain that just don't
translate well to the mobile world.

>

> Are there any tips you may want to share about typical pitfalls for someone
who's just starting on WinMo development coming from the desktop?

>

> Thanks.


winapi,windows-mobile
20
Run db query (sql server 2005) with ajax. Is it possible?

>

> I never worked with ajax.

>

> I need to know if it is possible to use ajax to run a query on the db (sql
server 2005).

>

> My target is to run a query with refreshing the page.

>

> Have you got any ideas?


sql-server,ajax,sql-server-2005
17
Why for certain linux shell the datetime is Tue Feb 24 13:03:40 SGT 2009 why some is Tuesday, February 24, 2009 1:03:41 PM SGT

>

> Why for certain linux shell the datetime is Tue Feb 24 13:03:40 SGT 2009 why
some is Tuesday, February 24, 2009 1:03:41 PM SGT

>

> Is the SYSDATE SQL Statement really deriving the date/time from the server
linux date command?

>

> Thanks


linux
18
How can I create a search block with Taxonomy terms and Keyword search in drupal 5?

>

> I'm trying to create a search block like the one on [Top Notch
Themes](http://www.topnotchthemes.com/browse?page=1) where the users can
choose one or more taxonomy terms and then do a keyword search within content
that matches those terms. I was trying to figure out how to do this with Views
but that didn't work right. It wanted to suggest the terms and then filter the
view.

>

> So I found [Faceted Search](http://drupal.org/project/faceted%5Fsearch) on
drupal.org. I'm testing that now, and I'm going to try Views Fast Search as
suggested by Jeff


drupal,drupal-5
70
Silverlight page not catching input events

>

> I have been attempting to handle the KeyDown event of a UserControl (page)
in my Silverlight application, but there seems to be some strange behaviour on
the part of Silverlight user input functionality. The event is not getting
raised under any circumstance. I have even tried attaching the event handler
to each container control within the UserControl, but still with no luck.
Indeed, the Silverlight user input "event routing" system is quite novel and
seems rather strange to me, so perhaps it is just a misunderstanding on my
part, though I have rather clueless about how to proceed.

>

> The following code is a template of the particular page with which I am
testing.

>  
>     >     <UserControl x:Class="MyNamespace.CreditsPage"

>
xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"

>                  xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml"

>                  KeyDown="UserControl_KeyDown">

>         <Grid x:Name="LayoutRoot">

>             <Border>

>                 <StackPanel HorizontalAlignment="Center"
VerticalAlignment="Center" Orientation="Vertical">

>                     <TextBlock TextAlignment="Center">

>                     A line of text.<LineBreak />

>                     <LineBreak />

>                     A line of text.<LineBreak />

>                     <LineBreak />

>                     A line of text.<LineBreak />

>                     <LineBreak />

>                     A line of text.<LineBreak />

>                     </TextBlock>

>                 </StackPanel>

>             </Border>

>         </Grid>

>     </UserControl>

>  
>

> In WPF, the obvious solution for such an issue would be to handle the
PreviewKeyDown event, but unfortunately this is not available in Silverlight
2. Any ideas would be welcome (and a short explanation of why Silverlight
event routing is behaving as it is).


silverlight,xaml,event-handling,user-input,event-routing
28
Most important things about C++ templates… lesson learned

>

> What are most important things you know about templates: hidden features,
common mistakes, best and most useful practices, tips...**common
mistakes/oversight/assumptions**

>

> I am starting to implement most of my library/API using templates and would
like to collect most common patterns, tips, etc., found in practice.

>

> Let me formalize the question: What is the most important thing you've
learned about templates?

>

> Please try to provide examples -- it would be easier to understand, as
opposed to convoluted and overly dry descriptions

>

> Thanks


c++,templates
8
Objective-C / Cocoa: What is the "Application" proxy object in Interface Builder / Nib good for?

>

> Does someone have a easy-to-understand example what this Application object
is good for? Why is it there? And in what cases do I need it?


objective-c,cocoa
26
Grab console output launched with elevated privileges

>

> I'm writing a command-line tool which requires privileges elevating. This
can be successfully implemented using manifest.

>

> But if this tools is launched from cmd.exe or Far Manager (far.exe), a new
console window is created. So all tool console output is written to it and is
lost on close.

>

> So my idea is about implementing a fork, where first part of code call the
same executable with some argument and `Process.ProcessStartInfo` in
additional gains `UseShellExecute = true`, `Verb = "runas"`; and another part,
called with argument, is doing what privileges elevating requires.

>

> Is it possible to 'virtualize' my tool re-lauch with grabbing output from
second instance and redirecting it to the first?


.net,redirect,console,uac
9
Difference between class (Python) and struct (C)

>

> I'm new to python. I've studied C and I noticed that that the C structure
(struct) seemed to have the same task as "class" in python. So what is,
conceptually, the difference?


python,c
15
How do I change the default "www.example.com" domain for testing in rails?

>

> I have a rails application which acts differently depending on what domain
it's accessed at (for example www.myapp.com will invoke differently to
user.myapp.com). In production use this all works fine but my test code always
sees a hostname of "www.example.com".

>

> Is there a clean way of having a test specify the hostname it's pretending
to access?


ruby-on-rails,rspec
61
Why do I get E_NOINTERFACE when creating an object that supports that interface?

>

> **Note:**

>

>     * Using [CoGetClassObject](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-
us/library/ms684007\(VS.85\).aspx), to create **multiple objects** through a
class object for which there is a CLSID in the system registry

>

>     * Single threaded apartment

>

> For **instance:**

>  
>     >     hresult = CoInitializeEx(NULL, COINIT_APARTMENTTHREADED);

>  
>     IClassFactory *pIClassFactory;

>  
>     hresult = CoGetClassObject (clsid, CLSCTX_LOCAL_SERVER, NULL,
IID_IClassFactory, (LPVOID *)&pIClassFactory);

>  
>  
>     hresult = pIClassFactory->QueryInterface (IID_IUnknown, (LPVOID
*)&pUnk);

>  
>  
>     hresult = pUnk->QueryInterface (__uuidof(IExample), (LPVOID
*)&pISimClass);

>  
>

> **Note:**

>

>     * **E_NOINTERFACE** is returned

>       * *ppvObject is set to **NULL**

>

> **Question:**

>

>     * How can I confirm, that it is indeed registered - if this is the
problem?


c++,windows,visual-studio-2008,com
37
Creating a project, from Makefile to static/dynamic libraries in UNIX

>

> Guys, would you describe a few things about c++ building blocks, on unix.

>

> I want to create an application that links against static libs and dynamic
libs (.so).

>

> **Question 1:** _How do I create static library using gcc/g++ ?How do I make
my app link against it._

>

> **Question 2:** _How to specify it in the makefile, linking against static
and dynamic libs, assuming that both libraries have header files_

>

> Summary: I have been using makefiles and libraries for years, written by
someone else. Thus every time I modified it, I simply cut-and-pasted things
around, without really understanding it. Now I want to get down to the ground
and understand the building/linking/Creating Makfile process in-depth.

>

> _What is a good book describing these concepts in intimate details?_

>

> Thanks


c++,c,makefile,unix
14
C# Security Tools Coding

>

> I have been Coding in C# for about 3/5 Years in School. the problem is that
i want to learn how you code such things as Keylogger and things like that. in
School it most Problem Solving to learn us to think like programmers.

>

> so how shall i learn to code Network/Security tools. Shall i buy a book
about Network programming in C#? Or do you have any tips where to starts?


c#,security
23
How do I run command line "explorer /n, /select,(filename)" in c++ builder?

>

> I've tried shellexecute, I've tried createprocess, I can't seem to get this
to do anything.

>

> Running the command line manually (at the actual command prompt in a console
window) works, but nothing I've tried so far will run it from within a c++
builder app.

>

> Obviously (filename) is just a place holder. It would be given a valid file
name, such as

>

> explorer /n, /select,c:\123.doc


shell,command-line,c++builder
23
What is the easiest way to detect if at least one field has been changed on an HTML form?

>

> I have an HTML form with over 20 fields. I also have a couple of links on
the page which will lead the user away from the form... potentially without
having saved any changes.

>

> I want to warn (JS confirm) the user onClick of these links if any of the
form fields have changed, but I don't want to create a huge switch statement
that I then need to maintain as I add new fields to the form. I know how to
create a long list of 'if' statements in Javascript, naming each of the fields
and checking each value, but I don't want to do that if I can get away with
it.

>

> What's the easiest way to check if the user has changed at least one of the
field values?


javascript,html
238
Why does attaching an eventhandler in Javascript stop my server side event firing?

>

> I've been doing C# for years but ASP.NET for not so long and this has me
stumped.

>

> In my troubleshooting example I have a dropdownlist in an ASP.NET page, it
has four items in it, I have a serverside event that fires on
`selectedindexchanged`, it all works great in this scenario.

>

> However, if (as i have in my evolved code) I set a Javascript handler for
the "onchange" event, (which launches an alert) the alert works fine, but the
server side event no longer fires... I'm sure I'm missing something obvious.

>

> Important notes: `Autopostback` is set to true on the dropdownlist control,
viewstate is enabled, the Javascript event handler returns true

>

> Anyone?

>

> It's not that I have to manually wire up the `__doPostBack` is it?

>

> Any help greatly appreciated.

>

> **Edit**

>

> ok here is the code first the codebehind

>  
>     >     using System;

>     using System.Data;

>     using System.Configuration;

>     using System.Collections;

>     using System.Web;

>     using System.Web.Security;

>     using System.Web.UI;

>     using System.Web.UI.WebControls;

>     using System.Web.UI.WebControls.WebParts;

>     using System.Web.UI.HtmlControls;

>     using System.Text;

>  
>     namespace TestEvents

>     {

>     public partial class _Default : System.Web.UI.Page

>     {

>         protected void Page_Load(object sender, EventArgs e)

>         {

>  
>         }

>  
>         protected override void OnPreRender(EventArgs e)

>         {

>  
>             ClientScriptManager csm = Page.ClientScript;

>             if (!csm.IsClientScriptBlockRegistered("NotesChangeScript"))

>             {

>                 StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder();

>                 sb.Append("\r\n <script type=\"text/javascript\"> \r\n");

>                 sb.Append(" //<![CDATA[ \r\n");

>                 sb.Append(" var changesCount = 0; \r\n");

>  
>                 sb.Append(" function selection_handler()\r\n");

>                 sb.Append("{ \r\n");

>                 sb.Append(" changesCount += 1;\r\n");

>                 sb.Append(" alert('i changed on the client!'); \r\n");

>                 sb.Append(" return true; \r\n");

>                 sb.Append(" } \r\n");

>  
>                 sb.Append(" function SetUpNotesHandler() \r\n");

>                 sb.Append("{ \r\n");

>                 sb.Append("          var ctrls =
document.getElementsByTagName(\"SELECT\");\r\n");

>                 sb.Append("          for(i=0;i<ctrls.length;i++)\r\n");

>                 sb.Append("                  {\r\n");

>                 sb.Append("                     ctrls[i].onchange =
selection_handler; \r\n");

>                 sb.Append("                 }\r\n");

>                 sb.Append("}\r\n");

>  
>  
>                 sb.Append(" //]]> \r\n");

>                 sb.Append("</script>");

>  
>                 csm.RegisterClientScriptBlock(this.GetType(),
"NotesChangeScript", sb.ToString(), false);

>  
>                 StringBuilder initScript = new StringBuilder();

>                 initScript.Append("<script type=\"text/javascript\" >\r\n");

>                 initScript.Append(" //<![CDATA[\r\n");

>                 initScript.Append("  SetUpNotesHandler(); \r\n");

>                 initScript.Append(" //]]> \r\n");

>                 initScript.Append("</script> \r\n");

>                 csm.RegisterStartupScript(this.GetType(), "StartUpKey",
initScript.ToString(),false);

>                 base.OnPreRender(e);

>             }

>  
>         }

>         protected void DropDownList1_SelectedIndexChanged(object sender,
EventArgs e)

>         {

>             Response.Write("i hit the server event");

>         }

>     }

>  
>

> }

>

> and here is the markup for the page

>  
>     >     <%@ Page Language="C#" AutoEventWireup="true"
CodeBehind="Default.aspx.cs"    Inherits="TestEvents._Default" %>

>  
>     <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

>  
>     <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" >

>     <head runat="server">

>     <title>problem</title>

>     </head>

>     <body>

>     <form id="form1" runat="server">

>     <div>

>         <asp:DropDownList ID="DropDownList1" runat="server"
AutoPostBack="True"
OnSelectedIndexChanged="DropDownList1_SelectedIndexChanged">

>             <asp:ListItem>Numero Uno</asp:ListItem>

>             <asp:ListItem>Numer Deux</asp:ListItem>

>             <asp:ListItem>Number Three</asp:ListItem>

>             <asp:ListItem>Nomina Quatros</asp:ListItem>

>         </asp:DropDownList>

>         <asp:HiddenField ID="hdnFieldChange" runat="server" />

>     </div>

>     </form>

>     </body>

>     </html>

>  


c#,asp.net,javascript
33
Having trouble getting TinyMCE to have an auto-sized width

>

> I'm trying to incorporate TinyMCE into my CMS and I'm having the hardest
time getting the width to resize to the size of my container. I'm using the
advanced toolbar theme and the buttons do not drop below to form another row
if the width is made smaller. I've searched a lot of forums and the TinyMCE
docs and I can't find a solution that works for me.

>

> So far I've tried:

>

>     * Setting the width in the tinyMCE.init function

>     * Setting auto_resize to true

>     * Changing the editor container width with CSS

>     * Changing the toolbars so they float

>     * Using the custom autoresize function in the wiki

>

> It seems like a lot of people have had issues with this, and the forum
moderator at TinyMCE isn't particularly helpful or polite. Can anyone suggest
a solution?


javascript,tinymce
21
implicit operator

>

> I just saw it was using in one of the recent answers:

>  
>     >     public static implicit operator bool(Savepoint sp)

>     {

>         return sp != null;

>     }

>  
>

> Why do we need word _implicit_ here, and what does it mean?


c#
53
SVN problem: What is the latest revision that still contained this code snippet?

>

> It is good practice to remove old code instead of just commenting it out. It
is often claimed that the old code parts can always be found again in the old
SVN repository revision, if needed.

>

> But practically, it's not that easy, right? If the old code is in some
_unknown_ old SVN revision then it can be quite hard to find.

>

> I'm exactly in that situation right now: There's a function that I don't
need anymore, and I should throw it out, since it's in SVN, but I hesitate
because I might need it again, and I'm afraid it's going to be hard to find in
the repository.

>

> Of course, one can always make a commit message, saying "removed function
myFunction", but sometimes you can't note every little code removal in the
commit message, and it can also be tedious to look through all commit messages
to find something again.

>

> An automatic tool would be better, something like

>  
>     >     svn find "void myFunction\(" my-file.cc

>  
>

> which would tell me the different results from different revisions. Does
something like that exist?

>

> **EDIT:** Do other version control systems have it? Git maybe? (That'd be a
reason to switch, I'd say.)

>

> **UPDATE:** So there's no real answer except the tiny brittle `shell` script
I found more or less by accident (see my answer below). I think, that's really
a shame for SVN. Finding something in earlier revisions should be one of the
central functionalities of version control. Does anyone have more info?


svn,language-agnostic,version-control
8
What's the best technology for connecting from linux to MS SQL Server using python? ODBC?

>

> By best, I mean most-common, easiest to setup, free. Performance doesn't
matter.


python
8
Generation PDF from HTML (component for .NET)

>

> Can you please point me to open source or a reasonably priced comercial
product capable of generating PDF from HTML?


.net,html,pdf,pdf-generation
27
Business entities / value objects framework with DbC support

>

> The thing I think I spend most time on when building my business models is
the validation of business entities and making sure the entity objects and
their relationships maintains good integrity. My dream for a good entity/value
object framework would help me create reusable entities/value objects and
easily create constraints and rules for relationships as you would in a db but
since I feel this really is business rules they belong in the model and should
be totally independent of the database.

>

> It should be easy to define that the Name property of a Person object should
be required and that the Email property should be required and match a certain
regex and that these rules should be easily reusable f.ex. in validating input
in my web app.

>

> I have absolutely most experience with Linq to sql and even though it
certainly is nice to work with it has limit by not supporting value objects
and others. My question is would Entity framework or NHibernate be more
suiting or are there other technologies that fit my needs better?


domain-driven-design,design-by-contract
32
Calculate size of files in shell

>

> I'm trying to calculate the total size in bytes of all files (in a directory
tree) matching a filename pattern just using the shell. This is what I have so
far:

>

>> find -name *.undo -exec stat -c%s {} \; | awk '{total += $1} END {print
total}'

>

> Is there an easier way to do this? I feel like there should be a simple du
or find switch that does this for me but I can't find one.

>

> To be clear I want to total files matching a pattern anywhere under a
directory tree which means

>

>> du -bs *.undo

>

> won't work because it only matches the files in the current directory.


linux,shell
18
force visual studio to link all symbols in a lib file

>

> Is there any way to force visual studio to link all symbols from a lib file
into the dll as atm it is optimizing "unused" functions which are needed by
the program using the dll at run time.

>

> I tried using the /OPT:NOREF and /OPT:NOICF but they dont seem to work.

>

> The reason i need them is because they are global class which register them
selves with a controller and they are not being linked in the dll.


c++,visual-studio,linker
18
crawl robots and page size

>

> was wondering, does a web site get affected in terms of search engine rank
or results positioning, if its size is not optimized but instead it has
average loading times comparing with the same type of websites. lets say

>  
>     >     No Cache:

>     289.0K  Total size

>     35      HTTP requests

>  


http,crawler
14
WPF Image Load to Display Delay

>

> There is a slight delay from setting the Source of the image control to the
actual displaying.

>

> I need some way to find out when exactly the Image is displayed but I can't
seem to find any events that I can hook into. Does anybody have a way to
detect this?


wpf
8
HTTP Digest Authentication versus SSL

>

> What is the difference between `HTTP Digest Authentication` and `SSL` from a
performance, security and flexibility point of view?


ssl,http-authentication,digest
17
Parsing Dates with PHP

>

> i am trying to write a program but i have no idea what to with parsing a
date in this format into into a date stamp

>

> Jan 15 2005 12:00AM

>

> i do not care about the 12:00AM as all the records have that 12:00AM
appended to them.


php,parsing
23
py2exe page says it is licensed under GPL, can I still use it in a python project that is not GPL?

>

> [This page says that py2exe is GPL licensed (bottom of the
page)](http://www.py2exe.org/index.cgi/FrontPage)

>

> My concern is that you have to distribute some of the files they generate. I
think this would be allowed with LGPL, but not GPL. &lt;\--- Please address
this in your answer.

>

> My final product would not be GPL and will not give out source code.

>

> **Update: Please see my answer below, it seems py2exe is not GPL after
all.**


python,licensing,gpl,py2exe
17
Do I need stored prodedures with Linq2SQL?

>

> I just started using Linq to SQL, and it just occurred to me that I don't
really need any sprocs in the database since i can do all the data access
through Linq to SQL.

>

> Is there any reason to write sprocs with Linq to SQL?

>

> Thank you.


sql-server-2005,linq-to-sql,stored-procedures,.net-3.5
21
Best practises for dealing with monetary amounts in C#

>

> I have read a couple of articles about the perils of certain data types
being used to store monetary amounts. Unfortunately, some of the concepts are
not in my comfort zone.

>

> Having read these articles, what are the best practises and recommendations
for working with money in C#? Should I use a certain data type for a small
amount and a different one for a larger amount? Also, I am based in the UK
which means we use , (e.g. £4,000, whereas other cultures represent the same
amount differently).

>

> Thanks


c#,types,currency
16
Get Return Value of NSTimer's Target

>

> I have an NSTimer which is setup like this:

>  
>     >     [NSTimer scheduledTimerWithTimeInterval:0.5 target:timerTarget
selector:NSSelectorFromString(targetSelector) userInfo:nil repeats:YES];

>  
>

> How can I get the return value of the `timerTarget` method?


objective-c,cocoa,return,nstimer
23
How are server side errors handled in Post/Redirect/Get pattern?

>

> For the successful use case, the Post/Redirect/Get (PRG) work flow is pretty
simple: simply redirect (client-side) to the desired page. But what about
cases when errors are encountered during server-side validation and we want to
preserve the inputs when we display the input page again?

>

> As far as I can tell, there are two approaches: simply re-render the input
page after the form POST submission (i.e. no redirection) during errors (thus
disregarding the PRG pattern); or, redirect to the input page, and store the
previous inputs somewhere it can be retrieved later (e.g. session), during
rendering. Both have drawbacks: in the first, we are presented with the
problems PRG pattern helps us to avoid (e.g. bookmarkability, double
submission); the second approach leads to inconsistent GETs (first GET will
find the stored inputs, subsequent GETs might not). Are there other
alternatives to those mentioned here? I am hoping for inputs from the
community on how this case is best handled.


post-redirect-get
35
Windows API "Chess Timer" Sepmaphore Event

>

> Is there a semaphone that works like a Chess timer, meaning;

>

> Thread A completes its task, loops back up to the top and calls the
Semaphore

>

> This triggers Thread 2 which proceeds through its code, loops back up to the
top and calls the Semaphore

>

> This triggers Thread A which...

>

> So the Semaphore is both blocking and signaling.

>

> I know I can just use two events and WaitForSingleObject, but I wondered if
there is a semaphore that does this specifically?

>

> While on the subject, how "expensive" is an Event, and how "expensive" is
WaitForSingleObject() in terms of memory and CPU?


c++,events,semaphore
34
Video on multiple monitors

>

> I am writing a, relatively, simple program involving 3 separate monitors.

>

> Each monitor will have a button moving around that specific screen. If you
click that button it will play a video on that screen. I need to be able to
have each of the screens acting as if they are totally separate.

>

> I have built the computer that will be running this. 2 graphics cards (4 dvi
slots). 3 touch screen monitors. Decent computer set up.

>

> My question is this: What is the best approuch for this? I have never
programmed in video into anything I have written. I just need a jump start on
where to go.

>

> I cant afford any real software. Open source everything would be great. I am
running Windows XP home (updated all the way) This machine will only be doing
this (its an exhibit)

>

> Any help would be great. What language do you suggest? Thanks all!


video,fullscreen,multiple-monitors,touchscreen
9
Entity framework getting around unsupported methods

>

> ADO.NET EF does not support things like Math.Pow and Math.Log so I was
wondering how I can get around this. I need to be able to use an ORDER BY on a
calculated value using ADO.NET EF.


sql,entity-framework,linq-to-entities
76
SharePoint - How can I customize NewForm.aspx in custom feature?

>

> I have created a custom list in a SharePoint site and generated a Visual
Studio 2008 project using SharePoint Solution Generator. I can package this as
a feature and install it. It runs fine on my server.

>

> After testing this out, I've been able to add a custom masterpage to the
feature which is deployed to the _catalogs/masterpage folder. Here it is:

>  
>     >     <Elements Id="2196306F-3F37-40b5-99CF-42E89B93888A"
xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/sharepoint/">

>         <Module Name="DefaultMasterPage" Url="_catalogs/masterpage"
RootWebOnly="FALSE">

>           <File Url="gcbranding.master" Type="GhostableInLibrary"
IgnoreIfAlreadyExists="TRUE" />

>         </Module>

>     </Elements>

>  
>

> Now that I have a custom masterpage in my site, I would like to have this
used for the creation of new items. But I don't want to have to set the master
from SharePoint Designer.

>

> Going back to the generated solution, it has NewForm.aspx etc. with the list
schema. How do I...

>

>     1. Customize the form that is displayed for new items, _and have it
redirect to a thankyou.aspx page_ rather than showing all the list items?

>     2. Set the url to the master page correctly?

>

> I'm lost on point number 1. Do I need to create a custom webpart and embed
that in NewForm.aspx?

>

> On point 2 I have made some headway but have run into an issue. If I set the
master like this in my NewForm.aspx...

>  
>     >      MasterPageFile="~/masterurl/gcmaster.master"

>  
>

> It will install OK, but when I hit the site I get an error because ~ is not
allowed in the URL. If I use _catalogs/masterpage in the directive, it will
not find the master because the URL is relative. Only this code seems to work:

>  
>     >     MasterPageFile="../../_catalogs/masterpage/gcmaster.master"

>  
>

> What's the best practice way of setting the master page file in SharePoint,
when deploying a custom feature/solution?


sharepoint,sharepoint-2007,moss,wss,wss-3.0
46
How do you translate this code from Processing to C++?

>

> I wrote this code in Processing
([www.processing.org](http://www.processing.org/)) and was wondering how would
one implement it using C++?

>  
>     >     int i = 0;

>  
>     void setup()

>     {

>     size(1000,1000);

>     }

>  
>     void draw()

>     {

>     //  frameRate(120);

>       PImage slice = get();

>       set(0,20,slice);  
>  
>       if( i % 2 == 0 )  fill(128); else fill(0);

>       i++;

>       rect(0,0,width,20);

>     }

>  
>

> As you can see this simply scrolls down rectangles of alternating colors as
fast as possible. Can the C++ implementation be as short? OpenGL?


c++,drawing
34
Tips on proper classes

>

> I'm using C#. I have a products class with fields like sku, name,
description.... and methods like setSku, setDescription, setImages(products
have an image attached). I was keeping these methods inside the Product class
but because of the large amount of settings available to the client on how to
set the sku and descriptions and images, the class was getting really, really
large. There was a lot of code inside the class. So I was going to break up
the large Product class into pieces like a ProductSku class,
ProductDescription class...etc. The problem here is that there are some of the
same fields that need to be accessed by all the classes. I starting calling
the methods on those individual classes and passing in the same objects over
and over again, but this didn't seem to be right. So now I decided to make one
global(using Singleton pattern) CurrentProduct class that has the fields I
need for all the other Product classes I created. **My questions are does this
sound right and what would you do?**

>

> The program I am working on just, on a basic level, takes products from one
table from database1 and saves the products to a table on database2. However,
the users have a lot of settings available to them for how they want the
fields coming from database1 to look when they enter database2.

>

> To Clarify: The set and get methods referenced above are not getter and
setter methods. I use properties however I called them set because there is a
lot of code that goes into formatting some of the fields prior to update. I
understand the confusion and I apologize for not clarifying.


c#,design,class
58
Ways to make your program use less memory

>

> Software will use memory, no big suprise, but how do you keep this usage to
a minimum in comparison to how big your program is.

>

> Best example I think would be Firefox. Some users have experienced it,
others haven't, but it's pretty safe to say that all the previous versions of
Firefox used much more memory then the current version. Yet still,
functionality expands and options are added. I'd expect the memory usage to go
up as extra options and such stuff gets added.

>

> So in other words, there must be methods by which to make sure your program
doesn't use up the memory of the computer.

>

> So, I'm turning this into a "best-practices" question, asking all of you
what your little tricks and tweaks are to make your program do what it does,
with less CPU then you'd normally think. And also, what to most certainly
avoid.

>

> A little side-question here: I came accross something in a book about C#.
Apparently, when coding an Enum, it's possible to set the size of the index of
this Enum. With large Enum's, you should let the compiler handle it I guess,
but for an Enum which only holds like 2 or 3 items, you can do this:

>  
>     >     public enum HTMLTYPE : sbyte

>     {

>         HTML401,XHTML10,XHTML11

>     }

>  
>

> For those of you who don't know why, apparently the amount of memory
reserved for the index of any Enum is automatically set to an integer in C#.
So in other words, that amount of memory is going to be reserved. But when
defining so little things in your Enum, an integer is a waste of space. The
book claimed that this could cut down the amount of memory used by the
program. I'm wondering if this is true.

>

> EDIT: indeed, it should be memory, darn me. Changed all entries.


memory-management
28
Is there a function in MySQL that will compress the results returned from a query?

>

> I would like to compress the results if it reached a certain number of rows.

>

> The client program would then uncompress the result and process.

>

> This a desktop with a client/server architecture, some clients connects
through vpn.

>

> When a client connects, it will send data to the server. After the server
has done processing, the client will then download updated data from the
server.

>

> The clients are located in several towns, with average of 50-100 kms. away.
They will connect through internet using vpn. But that is the initial plan,
not implemented yet, using vpn or other means.


sql,mysql
9
Windows speech c++

>

> Hy my name is Joey and i would like to know if there is a way to use speech
in C++ if so can someone point me to references and books deeply
appreciated...


c++,speech
29
Are some data structures more suitable for functional programming than others?

>

> In [Real World Haskell](http://book.realworldhaskell.org/), there is a
section titled "Life without arrays or hash tables" where the authors suggest
that list and trees are preferred in functional programming, whereas an array
or a hash table might be used instead in an imperative program.

>

> This makes sense, since it's much easier to reuse part of an (immutable)
list or tree when creating a new one than to do so with an array.

>

> So my questions are:

>

>     * Are there really significantly different usage patterns for data
structures between functional and imperative programming?

>     * If so, is this a problem?

>     * What if you really do need a hash table for some application? Do you
simply swallow the extra expense incurred for modifications?


data-structures,functional-programming,immutability
24
Should I use foreign keys?

>

>> **Possible Duplicate:**  
>  [What’s wrong with foreign keys?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/83147
/whats-wrong-with-foreign-keys)

>

> I use MS Sql Server with a large database about 4 GB data.

>

> I search around the web why I should use foreign keys. by now I only indexed
the keys used to join tables. Performance is all fine, dataintegrety is no
problem.

>

> Should I use foreign keys? Will I get even more performance with foreign
keys?


sql,sql-server,performance,database-design,foreign-keys
11
Best way to convert an ArrayList to a string

>

> I have an ArrayList that I want to output completely as a String.
Essentially I want to output it in order using the toString of each element
separated by tabs. Is there any fast way to do this? You could loop through it
(or remove each element) and concat it to a String but I think this will be
very slow.


java,string,arraylist
110
AJAX Function to populate a field in a form?

>

> Hey, I was looking through W3's tutorial on AJAX and I decided to make a
javascript function that would populate a form field based on the response of
a page. I took all their functions and tried to create the below one.

>

> Can anyone see why it wont work?

>  
>     >     function populateForm(myForm,formField,PageFrom,infoToSend)

>     {

>     var xmlHttp;

>     try

>       {

>       xmlHttp=new XMLHttpRequest();

>       }

>     catch (e)

>       {

>       try

>         {

>         xmlHttp=new ActiveXObject("Msxml2.XMLHTTP");

>         }

>       catch (e)

>         {

>         try

>           {

>           xmlHttp=new ActiveXObject("Microsoft.XMLHTTP");

>           }

>         catch (e)

>           {

>           //alert("Your browser does not support AJAX!");

>           return false;

>           }

>         }

>       }

>       xmlHttp.onreadystatechange=function()

>         {

>         if(xmlHttp.readyState==4)

>           {

>           document.myForm.formField.value=xmlHttp.responseText;

>           }

>         }

>      var url=PageFrom;

>     url=url+"?q="+infoToSend;

>  
>       xmlHttp.open("GET",url,true);

>       xmlHttp.send(null);

>       }

>  
>

> This is how I am calling it:

>  
>     >     <form id="qwert" name="qwert">

>  
>     <input id="qwer" name="qwer" type="text"
onkeyup="populateForm('qwert','qwerty','echo.php',this.value);">

>     <input id="qwerty" name="qwerty" type="text">

>  
>     </form>

>  


javascript,html,ajax,forms
196
Joomla Search Engine Friendly URLs issue on IIS7

>

> I have Joomla 1.5.9 running with php 5.2.8, mySQL 5.1.31 on IIS7 on a vista
64 dev box. I have both SEO Settings "Search Engine Friendly URLs" and "Use
Apache mod_rewrite" working correctly.

>

> I'm also setting up a hosted site (with www.mochahosting.com). They use
slightly older versions of the same software: Joomla 1.5.5, php 5.2.6, mySQL
5.0.4x. They also use IIS7, but running on Windows 32.

>

> I can't get either of the SEO settings to work **on the hosted site** (I
have gotten the SEO settings to work on my local machine, with pretty much the
same configuration). Let's start with "Search Engine Friendly URLs" only to
keep things simple.

>

> Also, I don't yet have a domain name, so I use a hosts file alias to get to
the site. I don't expect anyone to go through that trouble to answer my
question, so I'll just describe the issue and hope I do a good enough job that
people can understand what's going on. I'll use
<http://nodomainyet.com/joomla156_mx> as the base URL (i.e., the joomla home
page) for the purpose of this question. Yes, this does imply that Joomla is
installed in a subdirectory -- I'm not sure if this is a problem or not (it's
not a problem on my dev box).

>

> On to the problem.

>

> Turning on "Search Engine Friendly URLs" causes
<http://nodomainyet.com/joomla156_mx> to generate a 404 ("Component not
found"). In the 404 error page there is a link that goes to
<http://nodomainyet.com/joomla156_mx/index.php> \-- and that link works. If I
turn off "Search Engine Friendly URLs" then both
<http://nodomainyet.com/joomla156_mx> and
<http://nodomainyet.com/joomla156_mx/index.php> work. So it seems that turning
on "Search Engine Friendly URLs" causes the "automatic redirecting" of
<http://nodomainyet.com/joomla156_mx> to
<http://nodomainyet.com/joomla156_mx/index.php> to stop working...

>

> Now, if I go to <http://nodomainyet.com/joomla156_mx/index.php> and from
there navigate to the various main menu links (I'm only using the default
joomla site that gets installed with a new Joomla instance), then everything
works fine. It's just going to <http://nodomainyet.com/joomla156_mx> that
doesn't work. It's worth noting that the "home" link that's in the main menu
goes to <http://nodomainyet.com/joomla156_mx> by default.

>

> I've compared the output of phpinfo on the host to that of my dev box and
couldn't see any differences that would cause this issue...

>

> Turning on the second SEO setting -- "Use Apache mod_rewrite" -- does not
solve the problem (one would think that it might, since the purpose of that
setting is to get rid of index.php in the URL).

>

> The "Search Engine Friendly URLs" usually seems pretty trivial to get to
work -- it doesn't require a web.config and rewrite rules... I'm not sure what
could possibly cause it to go wrong.

>

> * * *

>

> **Update - 2009-03-03**

>

> I thought maybe it was a bad idea to only turn on the first SEO setting
("Search Engine Friendly URLs") from ("Use Apache mod_rewrite") (even though I
can just turn on "Search Engine Friendly URLs" by itself on my local machine
and it works fine). So I tried a few more experiments

>

> I thought perhaps the problem was that URL rewriting wasn't setup properly
in IIS7 on the host. I did the (first) test file described in
<http://learn.iis.net/page.aspx/461/creating-rewrite-rules-for-the-url-
rewrite-module> and that worked -- so that means URL rewriting is working.

>

> Then I thought perhaps the problem is that the rewrite rules that one sees
everywhere for Joomla on IIS7 need to be rewritten to take into account the
subdirectory. Like I said above, the SEO settings are working fine on my local
machine. Joomla is also installed in a subdirectory, and everything is working
fine. Nevertheless, I tried to modify the rewrite rule from

>  
>     >     <rewrite>

>         <rules>

>             <rule name="Imported Rule 1" enabled="true">

>                 <match url="(.*)" ignoreCase="false" />

>                 <conditions logicalGrouping="MatchAll">

>                     <add input="{REQUEST_FILENAME}" matchType="IsFile"
negate="true" pattern="" ignoreCase="false" />

>                     <add input="{REQUEST_FILENAME}" matchType="IsDirectory"
negate="true" pattern="" ignoreCase="false" />

>                     <add input="{SCRIPT_NAME}" negate="true"
pattern="^/index.php" ignoreCase="false" />

>                     <add input="{SCRIPT_NAME}"
pattern="(/|\.php|\.html|\.htm|\.feed|\.pdf|\.raw|/[^.]*)$" />

>                 </conditions>

>                 <action type="Rewrite" url="index.php" />

>             </rule>

>         </rules>

>     </rewrite>

>  
>

> to

>  
>     >     <rewrite>

>         <rules>

>             <rule name="Imported Rule 1" enabled="true">

>                 <match url="(.*)" ignoreCase="false" />

>                 <conditions logicalGrouping="MatchAll">

>                     <add input="{REQUEST_FILENAME}" matchType="IsFile"
negate="true" pattern="" ignoreCase="false" />

>                     <add input="{REQUEST_FILENAME}" matchType="IsDirectory"
negate="true" pattern="" ignoreCase="false" />

>                     <add input="{SCRIPT_NAME}" negate="true"
pattern="^/joomla156mx/index.php" ignoreCase="false" />

>                     <add input="{SCRIPT_NAME}"
pattern="(/|\.php|\.html|\.htm|\.feed|\.pdf|\.raw|/[^.]*)$" />

>                 </conditions>

>                 <action type="Rewrite" url="joomla156mx/index.php" />

>             </rule>

>         </rules>

>     </rewrite>

>  
>

> (i.e., prepending the directory name to the condition and action). That
didn't make a difference. Now, I'm completely new to rewrite rules so I might
have screwed up something.

>

> I guess I find it kind of suspicious that there is no redirect rule; meaning
if I copy &amp; paste a 're-written' URL, does't something have to tell the
server that is a made-up URL, and it should be redirected to a real URL? But,
again, this is all working fine on my local box with plain old rewrite rules,
so I may be barking at the wrong tree.

>

> Thanks for the help!


iis,iis-7,seo,joomla,friendly-url
50
my attempt at classes

>  
>     >     class hello {

>  
>       var $fname;

>       var $lname;

>  
>       function attrib() {

>         $this->fname = "sarmen";

>         $this->lname = "dijango";

>       }

>  
>       function say() {

>         $name = $this->fname.", ".$this->lname;

>         return $name;

>       }

>     }

>  
>

> this is my sample class when i include the class on a page and type
something like this

>

> $d = new hello();  
>  $d->say()

>

> nothing happends. what am i doing wrong?

>

> thanks


php
281
JavaMail Question or Bug?

>

> I have a question about Java Mail and how it works with streams. In Java
Mail 1.4.1 there is a [MimeMessage constructor that accepts a
stream](http://java.sun.com/products/javamail/javadocs/javax/mail/internet/MimeMessage.html#MimeMessage%28javax.mail.Session,%20java.io.InputStream%29).
My understanding is that I could pass a stream to this constructor and it
would parse it for me into a MimeMessage. I wrote 2 tests to prove this. The
first test sends in a stream that contains only a partial multi-part MIME
message. The second test sends in a stream that contains 2 complete multi-part
MIME messages. Neither work the way I expected. The first does not throw an
exception and the second reads the entire stream into a single message
somehow. Is this a bug in Java Mail or am I using the wrong kind of streams?
Or am I missing something bigger?

>

> It is a little long but here is the test code:

>  
>     >     import java.io.BufferedInputStream;

>     import java.io.ByteArrayInputStream;

>     import java.io.ByteArrayOutputStream;

>     import java.io.IOException;

>     import java.util.ArrayList;

>     import java.util.List;

>     import java.util.Properties;

>  
>     import javax.activation.DataHandler;

>     import javax.activation.DataSource;

>     import javax.mail.BodyPart;

>     import javax.mail.MessagingException;

>     import javax.mail.Multipart;

>     import javax.mail.Session;

>     import javax.mail.internet.MimeBodyPart;

>     import javax.mail.internet.MimeMessage;

>     import javax.mail.internet.MimeMultipart;

>     import javax.mail.util.ByteArrayDataSource;

>  
>     import junit.framework.TestCase;

>  
>  
>     public class mimeTest extends TestCase {

>  
>         public void testPartialMulitpartMessage() throws MessagingException,
IOException

>         {

>             Properties props = new Properties();

>             Session session = Session.getInstance(props, null);

>             String testMsg1 = "test";

>             ByteArrayOutputStream byteArrayOutputStream = new
ByteArrayOutputStream();

>  
>             // Step 1 - Create first MIME message

>             MimeMessage mesg = new MimeMessage(session);

>             Multipart mp = new MimeMultipart("mixed");

>             //create a child part

>             BodyPart bodyPart = new MimeBodyPart();

>             bodyPart.setContent(testMsg1, "application/x-special");

>             bodyPart.setHeader("Content-Length",
String.valueOf(testMsg1.length()));

>             DataSource ds = new ByteArrayDataSource(testMsg1,
"application/x-special");

>             bodyPart.setDataHandler(new DataHandler(ds));

>             bodyPart.setHeader("Content-Transfer-Encoding", "8bit");

>             // Add the child part to the multipart

>             mp.addBodyPart(bodyPart);

>             // Put the MultiPart into the Message

>             mesg.setContent(mp);

>  
>             // Step 2 - write to a stream

>             mesg.writeTo(byteArrayOutputStream);

>  
>             byte bytes[] = byteArrayOutputStream.toByteArray();

>             ByteArrayInputStream byteArrayInputStream = new
ByteArrayInputStream(bytes, 0, 10);

>             BufferedInputStream bufferedInputStream = new
BufferedInputStream(byteArrayInputStream);

>             boolean thrown = false;

>             try

>             {

>                 //Why does this not throw a messageexception.

>                 MimeMessage mesg2 = new MimeMessage(session,
bufferedInputStream);

>             }

>             catch(MessagingException me){

>                 thrown = true;

>             }

>  
>             if(!thrown) {

>                 assertTrue("Expected exception not thrown.", false);

>             }

>         }

>  
>         public void testMulitpleMulitpartMessages() throws
MessagingException, IOException {

>             Properties props = new Properties();

>             Session session = Session.getInstance(props, null);

>             String testMsg1 = "test";

>             String testMsg2 = "test1";

>             ByteArrayOutputStream byteArrayOutputStream = new
ByteArrayOutputStream();

>  
>             // Step 1 - Create first MIME message

>             MimeMessage mesg = new MimeMessage(session);

>             Multipart mp = new MimeMultipart("mixed");

>             //create a child part

>             BodyPart bodyPart = new MimeBodyPart();

>             bodyPart.setContent(testMsg1, "application/x-special");

>             bodyPart.setHeader("Content-Length",
String.valueOf(testMsg1.length()));

>             DataSource ds = new ByteArrayDataSource(testMsg1,
"application/x-special");

>             bodyPart.setDataHandler(new DataHandler(ds));

>             bodyPart.setHeader("Content-Transfer-Encoding", "8bit");

>             // Add the child part to the multipart

>             mp.addBodyPart(bodyPart);

>             // Put the MultiPart into the Message

>             mesg.setContent(mp);

>  
>             // Step 2 - write to a stream

>             mesg.writeTo(byteArrayOutputStream);

>  
>             // Step 3 - Create second MIME message

>             MimeMessage mesg2 = new MimeMessage(session);

>             mp = new MimeMultipart("mixed");

>             //create a child part

>             bodyPart = new MimeBodyPart();

>             bodyPart.setContent(testMsg2, "application/x-special");

>             bodyPart.setHeader("Content-Length",
String.valueOf(testMsg2.length()));

>             ds = new ByteArrayDataSource(testMsg2, "application/x-special");

>             bodyPart.setDataHandler(new DataHandler(ds));

>             bodyPart.setHeader("Content-Transfer-Encoding", "8bit");

>             // Add the child part to the multipart

>             mp.addBodyPart(bodyPart);

>             // Put the MultiPart into the Message

>             mesg2.setContent(mp);

>  
>             // Step 4 - write to the same stream

>             mesg2.writeTo(byteArrayOutputStream);

>  
>             // Step 6 - read the two messages back

>             ByteArrayInputStream byteArrayInputStream = new
ByteArrayInputStream(byteArrayOutputStream.toByteArray());

>             BufferedInputStream bufferedInputStream = new
BufferedInputStream(byteArrayInputStream);

>             List<MimeMessage> listMessages = new ArrayList<MimeMessage>();

>             while (bufferedInputStream.available() > 0) {

>
//http://java.sun.com/products/javamail/javadocs/javax/mail/internet/MimeMessage.html#MimeMessage(javax.mail.Session,%20java.io.InputStream)

>                 //The InputStream will be left positioned at the end of the
data for the message.

>                 //WHY does this not work?  It reads the whole stream.

>                 mesg = new MimeMessage(session, bufferedInputStream);

>                 //output the message

>                 listMessages.add(mesg);

>             }

>  
>             assertEquals(2, listMessages.size());

>  
>             assertTrue(listMessages.get(0).equals(mesg));

>             assertTrue(listMessages.get(1).equals(mesg2));

>         }

>     }

>  


java,mime,javamail,parsing
106
wxWidgets and VC++

>

> I decided to familiarize myself with wxWidgets today. I downloaded version
2.8.9 (current release), and compiled the library in all the desired modes.

>

> I am able to build/run the samples that ship with wxWidgets out of the box.
However, when I compile with **/Za** (i.e., language extensions disabled), I
get over 100 build errors on even the smallest wxWidgets sample.

>

> I am unable to find any documentation on this issue. Could I define
something that will switch wxWidget's internals to be standards compliant (at
least as far as VC++'s compliance goes)?

>

> Perhaps I did something wrong while building the original library... Has
anyone even encountered this "issue" before?

>

> Thanks!

>

> **EDIT:** I forgot to mention that I'm using VC++ 9.

>

> Also, here are the first few errors:

>

>> \------ Build started: Project: minimal, Configuration: Unicode Debug Win32
------

>>

>> Compiling...

>>

>> minimal.cpp

>>

>> c:\wxWidgets-2.8.9\include\wx/dynarray.h(69) : error C2143: syntax error :
missing ')' before '*'

>>

>> c:\wxWidgets-2.8.9\include\wx/dynarray.h(69) : error C2143: syntax error :
missing ';' before '*'

>>

>> c:\wxWidgets-2.8.9\include\wx/dynarray.h(69) : error C2059: syntax error :
')'

>>

>> c:\wxWidgets-2.8.9\include\wx/dynarray.h(69) : error C4430: missing type
specifier - int assumed. Note: C++ does not support default-int

>>

>> c:\wxWidgets-2.8.9\include\wx/dynarray.h(810) : error C2146: syntax error :
missing ';' before identifier 'SCMPFUNC'

>>

>> c:\wxWidgets-2.8.9\include\wx/dynarray.h(810) : error C4430: missing type
specifier - int assumed. Note: C++ does not support default-int

>>

>> c:\wxWidgets-2.8.9\include\wx/dynarray.h(810) : error C4430: missing type
specifier - int assumed. Note: C++ does not support default-int

>>

>> c:\wxWidgets-2.8.9\include\wx/dynarray.h(811) : error C2146: syntax error :
missing ';' before identifier 'SCMPFUNC'

>>

>> c:\wxWidgets-2.8.9\include\wx/dynarray.h(811) : error C4430: missing type
specifier - int assumed. Note: C++ does not support default-int

>>

>> c:\wxWidgets-2.8.9\include\wx/dynarray.h(811) : error C4430: missing type
specifier - int assumed. Note: C++ does not support default-int

>

> **EDIT:** It looks like the first error's caused by the fact that **_cdecl**
is used. It looks like **defs.h** only checks if **__VISUALC__** is defined.
Nothing about pedantism in sight...


c++,visual-c++,wxwidgets
12
Navigation Based Application with TabBar

>

> I have a Navigation-Based Application that shows a TableView where you can
select a cell and it brings you to a "Detail View" for that cell. I want this
view to then have a TabBar where I can select between 3 subviews. I have found
several solutions online for this but none are very helpful. Is there a
tutorial for this specifically or is their source code indicating how it can
be done? Thanks


iphone,navigation,tabbar
52
Why can't I access $args from inside a function?

>

> Here is my code:

>  
>     >     # hi.ps1

>  
>     function fun

>     {

>         Write-Host $args

>     }

>  
>     Write-Host '---------------'

>     Write-Host $args

>     Write-Host '---------------'

>     fun

>     Write-Host '---------------'

>  
>

> This is the output:

>  
>     >     PS C:\scratch> .\hi there jim

>     ---------------

>     there jim

>     ---------------

>  
>     ---------------

>  
>

> My question is, why isn't $args visible within fun?


powershell
27
How can I manually register distributions with pkg_resources?

>

> I'm trying to get a package installed on Google App Engine. The package
relies rather extensively on `pkg_resources`, but there's no way to run
`setup.py` on App Engine.

>

> There's no platform-specific code in the source, however, so it's no problem
to just zip up the source and include those in the system path. And I've
gotten a version of `pkg_resources` installed and working as well.

>

> The only problem is getting the package actually _registered_ with
`pkg_resources` so when it calls `iter_entry_points` it can find the
appropriate plugins.

>

> What methods do I need to call to register modules on `sys.path` with all
the appropriate metadata, and how do I figure out what that metadata needs to
be?


python,google-app-engine,setuptools,pkg-resources
119
Mapping Siblings in NHibernate

>

> I've been trying to build a SiteMapNode styled object with NHibernate
mappings. The goal is to mimic the ASP.NET SiteMapNode object so that a custom
provider can be built using NHibernate for a dynamic backend.

>

> The issue I'm running into is the way the tree nature of a site map. The
ASP.NET object has a next and previous sibling object. This is fine and well.
I didn't want to have a NextSiblingId and PreviousSiblingId in my SiteMapNode
table. I decided that when I display these objects it would be good to have an
OrdinalPosition property. After research it seems like I cannot make a
NextSibling and PreviousSibling property mapping in NHibernate. My thought to
fix this is to make a Siblings collection. This collection would have the same
ParentNodeId as the owner object.

>

> Is this possible?

>

> Here is the mapping file that I've come up with so far:

>  
>     >     <hibernate-mapping xmlns="urn:nhibernate-mapping-2.2"
namespace="AthletesCafe.Core.Domain.System.SiteMap"
assembly="AthletesCafe.Core">

>  
>       <class name="SiteMapNode" table="SiteMapNode" lazy="true" >

>  
>         <id name="ID" type="Int32" unsaved-value="0">

>           <column name="ID" not-null="true" unique="true"
index="PK_SiteMapNode"/>

>           <generator class="identity" />

>         </id>

>  
>         <property name="Title" column="Title" type="String" length="255"
not-null="true" />

>         <property name="Description" column="Description" type="String" not-
null="false" />

>  
>         <property name="Url" column="Description" type="String" not-
null="true" length="1000"  />

>  
>         <property name="Key" column="NodeKey" type="String" not-null="true"
length="255"  />

>  
>         <property name="OrdinalPosition" column="OrdinalPosition"
type="Int32" not-null="true" />

>  
>         <property name="ReadOnly" column="ReadOnly" not-null="true"
type="System.Boolean" />

>  
>         <property name="IsExternal" column="IsExternal" not-null="true"
type="System.Boolean" />

>  
>         <many-to-one name="ParentNode" column="ParentNodeId"
class="AthletesCafe.Core.Domain.System.SiteMap.SiteMapNode, AthletesCafe.Core"

>                      access="field.pascalcase-underscore" not-null="false"
/>

>  
>         <bag name="Siblings" access="field.pascalcase-underscore"
inverse="true" lazy="true">

>           <key column="ParentNodeId" />

>           <many-to-many foreign-key="ParentNodeId"
class="AthletesCafe.Core.Domain.System.SiteMap.SiteMapNode, AthletesCafe.Core"
/>

>         </bag>

>  
>         <bag name="ChildNodes" generic="true" inverse="true" lazy="true"
access="field.pascalcase-underscore">

>           <key column="ParentNodeId" />

>           <one-to-many
class="AthletesCafe.Core.Domain.System.SiteMap.SiteMapNode,
AthletesCafe.Core"/>

>         </bag>

>  
>       </class>

>     </hibernate-mapping>

>  
>

> The Siblings bag returns the same thing as the ChildNodes collection. I'm
just not understanding how the whole key and foreign key properties work. I
figured that the column property on the key element was telling nHibernate to
use that column on the owner object to map to the foreign object's column. I
just have to find out how to make nHibernate look at the ParentNodeId on the
collection's nodes. Can anyone help?


nhibernate,hibernate,nhibernate-mapping
164
Authentication Required - Problems Establishing AIM OSCAR Session using Python

>

> I'm writing a simple python script that will interface with the AIM servers
using the [OSCAR protocol](http://dev.aol.com/aim/oscar/). It includes a
somewhat complex handshake protocol. You essentially have to send a GET
request to a specific URL, receive XML or JSON encoded reply, extract a
special session token and secret key, then generate a response using the token
and the key.

>

> I tried to follow [these steps](http://dev.aol.com/aim/oscar/#AUTH) to a
tee, but the process fails in the last one. Here is my code:

>  
>     >     class simpleOSCAR:

>       def __init__(self, username, password):

>      self.username = username

>      self.password = password

>  
>      self.open_aim_key = 'whatever'

>      self.client_name = 'blah blah blah'

>      self.client_version = 'yadda yadda yadda'

>  
>  
>       def authenticate(self):

>  
>      # STEP 1

>      url = 'https://api.screenname.aol.com/auth/clientLogin?f=json'

>             data = urllib.urlencode( [

>                      ('k', self.open_aim_key),

>          ('s', self.username),

>                      ('pwd', self.password),

>          ('clientVersion', self.client_version),

>                      ('clientName', self.client_name)]

>         )

>  
>      response = urllib2.urlopen(url, data)

>      json_response = simplejson.loads(urllib.unquote(response.read()))

>  
>      session_secret = json_response['response']['data']['sessionSecret']

>      host_time = json_response['response']['data']['hostTime']

>      self.token = json_response['response']['data']['token']['a']

>  
>      # STEP 2

>      self.session_key = base64.b64encode(hmac.new(self.password,
session_secret, sha256).digest())

>  
>      #STEP 3

>      uri = "http://api.oscar.aol.com/aim/startOSCARSession?"

>  
>      data = urllib.urlencode([

>                         ('a', self.token),  
>          ('clientName', self.client_name),

>          ('clientVersion', self.client_version),

>          ('f', 'json'),

>          ('k', self.open_aim_key),

>          ('ts', host_time),

>                                      ]

>         )

>      urldata = uri+data

>      hashdata = "GET&" +
urllib.quote("http://api.oscar.aol.com/aim/startOSCARSession?") + data

>  
>      digest = base64.b64encode(hmac.new(self.session_key, hashdata,
sha256).digest())

>  
>      urldata =  urldata + "&sig_sha256=" + digest

>  
>      print urldata + "\n"

>  
>      response = urllib2.urlopen(urldata)

>      json_response = urllib.unquote(response.read())

>  
>      print json_response

>  
>     if __name__ == '__main__':

>     so = simpleOSCAR("aimscreenname", "somepassword")

>     so.authenticate()

>  
>

> I get the following response from the server:

>  
>     >     { "response" : {

>                      "statusCode":401,

>                      "statusText":"Authentication Required. statusDetailCode
1014",

>                      "statusDetailCode":1014,

>                      "data":{

>                                "ts":1235878395

>                              }

>                    }

>     }

>  
>

> I tried troubleshooting it in various ways, but the URL's I generate look
the same as the ones shown in the [signon flow
example](http://dev.aol.com/aim/oscar/#SIGNON). And yet, it fails.

>

> Any idea what I'm doing wrong here? Am I hashing the values wrong? Am I
encoding something improperly? Is my session timing out?


python,json,aim
145
Problems Registering XPCOM component

>

> I'm working on my first XPCOM component. Unfortunately, I can't register it
successfully.

>

> Building is ok. Here's the makefile

>  
>     >     CXX   = g++

>     CPPFLAGS +=     -fno-rtti \

>           -fexceptions \

>           -shared \

>                     -fshort-wchar

>  
>     # Change this to point at your Gecko SDK directory.

>     GECKO_SDK_PATH = /path/to/gecko/sdk

>  
>     # GCC only define which allows us to not have to #include mozilla-config

>     # in every .cpp file.  If your not using GCC remove this line and add

>     # #include "mozilla-config.h" to each of your .cpp files.

>     GECKO_CONFIG_INCLUDE = -include ${GECKO_SDK_PATH}/include/xpcom/xpcom-
config.h

>  
>     GECKO_DEFINES  = -DXPCOM_GLUE -DXPCOM_GLUE_USE_NSPR

>  
>     GECKO_INCLUDES = -I ${GECKO_SDK_PATH}/sdk/include \

>                      -I ${GECKO_SDK_PATH}/include/necko \

>                      -I ${GECKO_SDK_PATH}/include/nss \

>                      -I ${GECKO_SDK_PATH}/include/nspr

>  
>     GECKO_LDFLAGS =  -L${GECKO_SDK_PATH}/lib -L${GECKO_SDK_PATH}/bin -Wl
,-rpath-link,${GECKO_SDK_PATH}/bin -lxpcomglue_s -lxpcom -lnspr4  
>  
>     FILES = Component.cpp ComponentModule.cpp

>  
>     TARGET = Component.so

>  
>     build:

>        $(CXX) -Wall -Os -o $(TARGET) $(GECKO_CONFIG_INCLUDE)
$(GECKO_DEFINES) $(GECKO_INCLUDES) $(GECKO_LDFLAGS) $(CPPFLAGS) $(CXXFLAGS)
$(FILES)

>        chmod +x $(TARGET)

>        strip $(TARGET)

>  
>     clean:

>        rm $(TARGET)

>  
>

> I created a new extension folder under my development firefox profile's
extension directory. The IComponent.xpt and Component.so files are placed
there under the component directory.

>

> I then removed the compreg.dat and xpti.dat from my development firefox
profile. I restarted it, which should automatically register the components.
But the XPCOM viewer didn't show my component.

>

> I ran this command to check for errors

>  
>     >     ./run-mozilla.sh `which ldd` -r /path/to/component/Component.so

>  
>

> It showed me several undefined symbols

>  
>     >     ...

>     undefined symbol: _ZNK9nsAString12BeginReadingEv
(/path/to/component/Component.so)

>     undefined symbol: _ZNK10nsACString12BeginReadingEv
(/path/to/component/Component.so)

>     undefined symbol: _ZN9nsAString17DefaultComparatorEPKtS1_j
(/path/to/component/Component.so)

>     undefined symbol: _ZNK9nsAString6EqualsEPKtPFiS1_S1_jE
(/path/to/component/Component.so)

>     undefined symbol: _ZN9nsAString13AssignLiteralEPKc
(/path/to/component/Component.so)

>     undefined symbol: _ZN13nsCOMPtr_base16begin_assignmentEv
(/path/to/component/Component.so)

>     undefined symbol: _ZN13nsCOMPtr_baseD2Ev
(/path/to/component/Component.so)

>     undefined symbol: _Z16NS_TableDrivenQIPvPK12QITableEntryRK4nsIDPS_
(/path/to/component/Component.so)

>     undefined symbol: _Z20NS_NewGenericModule2PK12nsModuleInfoPP9nsIModule
(/path/to/component/Component.so)

>  
>

> I've been using nsAString and COMPtr in my code.

>

> Are there anything wrong with my steps? Can anyone explain why are there
undefined symbols? What do undefined symbols mean? How do you get them
recognised? Thanks!

>

> Zan


c++,firefox,mozilla,xpcom
24
Add webpart to default WSS page via feature

>

> I've developed a custom web part. I would like to create a feature that when
activated via STSADM adds the web part to the default page of a WSS Site.
Hopefully this can be done without writing code.

>

> This webpart is meant to de deployed to the web application's bin directory
and featurereceiver must be installed to the GAC. The
[AllUsersWebPart](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms997833.aspx)
element looks promising, but I can't figure out how to get it to work.

>

> TIA,

>

> jt


sharepoint,web-parts
23
How are interrupts handled by dual processor machines?

>

> I have an idea of how interrupts are handled by a dual core CPU. I was
wondering about how interrupt handling is implemented on a board with more
than one physical processor.

>

> Is any of the interrupt responsibility determined by the physical board's
configuration? Each processor must be able to handle some types of interrupts,
like disk I/O. Unless there is some circuitry to manage and dispatch
interrupts to the appropriate processor? My guess is that the scheme must be
processor neutral, so that any processor and core can run the interrupt
handler.

>

> If a core is waiting on a disk read, will that core be the one to run the
interrupt handler when the disk is ready?


hardware,cpu,multicore,interrupt,cpu-architecture
17
How can I host a mod_perl application on a shared RHEL server?

>

> I want to host a mod_perl application on a shared RHEL server where I do not
have access to a root account. mod_perl is available on the server as are all
Perl modules required (my app runs fine with CGI).

>

> Here are two problems I anticipate: Apache restarts would be required
whenever I update my code the first time and subsequently on periodic updates.
Second, I would have to use some &lt;Perl> directives in .htaccess. I would be
happy to hear experiences, gotchas, hints from others who might have done this
successfully. Thank you!


perl,mod-perl,cpanel
12
powershell or msdeploy

>

> I am running into a situation where I need to find a better approach to
deploy web applications (asp.net to iis6..sorry ruby lovers :( and I was
curious what some of you have done? I have seen products out there (Anthill?)
but I am really looking for a way that my operations team can script a way to
grab zip files (packaged code and assemblies), unzip, deploy to a farm. Anyone
have any thoughts or solutions that they may be using?


deployment,powershell,iis-6
9
Is there any way i can remove the line which is shown in MASKEDTEXTBOX fields when we set the mask?

>

> The line that appears when we set the mask of a masked text box in winforms
for c# does not seem attractive at all to me .I want to know if there is any
way i can set the mask of the masked text box and that line is not shown???


c#,.net,winforms
9
How to access a reference application

>

> Hi I have installed an application that uses .net framework 3.5 after setup
I can't find the exe file, when select properties it says it's a reference How
can I find it?


.net,reference
13
Is there a way to split one texture into an array of them using SOIL in C++?

>

> I'm using SOIL in my project, and I need to take in a single texture, and
than convert it into an array of textures using different parts of the first
texture. (To use a sprite sheet).

>

> I'm using SDL and OpenGL by the way.


c++,sdl,textures,soil
37
WPF - How to implement INotifyPropertyChanged when Properties are dynamic

>

> I have a business object that implements a collection of PropertyObjects.

>

> BusinessObject SomeCollection Property1Object (Name=Height) Property2Object
(Name=Width)

>

> Currently, I am setting the DataContext of UserControl to be the
BusinessObject. I've found that I CAN reference into the collection in the
binding with something like this, say in a textBox..

>

> UserControl.DataContext = BusinessObject UserControl.TextBlock
**Text="{Binding Collection[Height].Value}"**

>

> Now, at what level can I properly implement INotifyPropertyChanged, even
though at the higher level it isn't a property at all.

>

> It's easy enough to see and raise the at the lowest level, the
PropertyObject, but is that enough for the binding to work?

>

> Thanks, jeff


.net,wpf
7
How can I download HTML source in C#

>

> How can I get the HTML source given a web address in c#?


c#
21
Get airport display type transition when data changes

>

> A client has asked for a display to flick over like an airport display
screen, ie each row flicks over when information changes.

>

> I am not sure which is the best control to use, or the method of getting
each row to transform one after the other.

>

> any suggestions woul b gratfully accepted

>

> John


wpf
18
How to pass information using an HTTP redirect (in Django)

>

> I have a view that accepts a form submission and updates a model.

>

> After updating the model, I want to redirect to another page, and I want a
message such as "Field X successfully updated" to appear on this page.

>

> How can I "pass" this message to the other page? HttpResponseRedirect only
accepts a [URL](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Locator). I've
seen this done before on other sites. How is this accomplished?


python,django,http
13
Cross-browser window resize event - JavaScript / jQuery

>

> What is the correct (modern) method for tapping into the window resize event
that works in Firefox, [WebKit](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebKit), and
Internet Explorer?

>

> And can you turn both scrollbars on/off?


javascript,jquery,cross-browser,resize
13
Write a firefox plugin and access it from a java application

>

> I want to write a firefox plugin which will communicate with a java
application. The plugin will have to notify the java application of the web
page/ url being loaded. The java application will take care of the rest.

>

> Any help or pointers will be much appreciated.


java,firefox,plugins
17
Tile based game theory

>

> I'm looking for articles on tile based games, like the old ultima 6&amp;7,
or even puzzle pirates. Specifically:

>

>     1. How they keep track of objects on the map. Objects such as other
characters, or trees, or things the character can move.

>     2. AI behind the characters. How the game handles character behavior for
characters on the map that are off screen. Especially with very large maps and
numerous characters.


artificial-intelligence,theory
13
Is there any method to fill the combobox in winforms with all country names and another combobox with cities of the selected country? OR may be just the list of countries in combobox

>

> I wonder if there is already a build procedure in C# for making a combobox
or list box that has names of all countries and when a country is selected
another combobox is filled with the cities of that country??

>

> Or someone can suggest me what to do!!


c#,winforms
15
How much space is minimum enough for VS 2008 and SQL Server

>

> I'm preparing the new partitioning of my laptop, so I would like to know how
much space are going to take a full installation of this development
environment.

>

> Long time ago has elapsed since my last installation of a full Visual Studio
environment, so my guesses are that these days the minimum space needed will
be around 15 GB.


visual-studio
17
Proper stack and heap usage in C++?

>

> I've been programming for a while but It's been mostly Java and C#. I've
never actually had to manage memory on my own. I recently began programming in
C++ and I'm a little confused as to when I should store things on the stack
and when to store them on the heap.

>

> My understanding is that variables which are accessed very frequently should
be stored on the stack and objects, rarely used variables, and large data
structures should all be stored on the heap. Is this correct or am I
incorrect?


c++,memory-management,stack,heap,c++-faq
12
collection of system properties using web browser

>

> hi i am doing distributed computing environment........For the applications
need to get distributed to different clients connected to the server in the
network,i prefered to collect the client's system properties like free memory
available in the client's system,so that i could distribute d application
according to that efficiently......so kindly project me wth some idea.thanks
in advance


java,ajax,ajaxcontroltoolkit,ajax.net
9
web based form to collect data and populate to a fillable PDF

>

> Is there a script that anyone can suggest that would allow me to create a
HTML or PHP web based form to collect data and save that data. the call the
data to be populated in a fillable pdf?


pdf
11
How to get system time in C++?

>

> In fact i am trying to calculate the time a function takes to complete in my
program. So i am using the logic to get system time when i call the function
and time when the function returns a value then by subtracting the values i
get time it took to complete. So if anyone can tell me some better approach or
just how to get system time at an instance it would be quite a help


c++
37
How to make a hint wrap in an Android EditText?

>

> My EditText hint is not wrapping. A hint isn't very useful if the last part
is cut off. I am very cautious about restricting/forcing the dimensions my
EditText box to ensure it looks decent regardless of screen dimensions.

>

> Here's what the relevant xml looks like:

>  
>     >     <EditText android:id="@+id/ET1"

>         android:layout_width="wrap_content"

>         android:layout_height="wrap_content"

>         android:gravity="left"

>         android:hint="@string/Hint1"

>         android:lines="3">

>     </EditText>

>  
>

> I've already set `android:lines="3"` to mitigate the issue, but it isn't
enough. In order to maximize compatibility with various screen dimensions I
would prefer OS wrapping over me putting in line breaks and hard returns in
the string. There are other things happening in the view which also compel me
to not manually set the width of the box to promote good breaks.


android,android-edittext
13
Anyone problems with PDT 2.0 and Eclipse 3.4.2?

>

> I just installed Eclipse 3.4.2 with PDT 2.0 and it seems that in PHP
perspective I'm unable to see any files in the project. When I switch to J2EE
view I can see all the files in the project just fine.

>

> Anyone know whats going on?


eclipse,pdt,ganymede
18
Facebook Connect Won't Validate

>

> I'm trying to get my Facebook Connect code to validate, but it won't. I
think the problem is that their xmlns page isn't loading. I have the code:

>  
>     >     <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
xmlns:fb="http://www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

>  
>

> But <http://www.facebook.com/2008/fbml> isn't found. Does anyone have a copy
of what it should be? Is there a different URL i should use?


facebook,validation,xmlns
110
Linker errors with private members of class in header file

>

> I'm trying to build a project in Visual Studio 2008. I'm getting a bunch of
linker errors that are really bothering me. My application is a Win32 console
application using only native ANSI C++.

>

> They are all linker errors of the same pattern. Linker errors are related to
every single private static data member of classes I have defined in my own
header files.

>

> I'm guessing this is probably a simple fact of c++ I'm not already aware of?

>

> Example: I refer to the members of SingleDelay within function definitions
of SingleDelay's member classes in a file Delays.cpp. ie:

>

> SingleDelay::tick(void *output, void *input, int nbufferFrames)  
> { //.. code here  
>  x = dry * castInput + wet * castInput;  
>  }

>

> Error 38 error LNK2001: unresolved external symbol "private: static double
SingleDelay::dry" (?dry@SingleDelay@@0NA) Delays.obj testall

>

> Definition of SingleDelay in Delays.h:

>  
>     >     class SingleDelay{

>  
>         private:  
>             static double dry; //% of dry signal<br>

>             static double wet; //% of wet signal<br>

>             static unsigned int delay; //Delay in milliseconds<br>

>             static int delayCell; //Index in the delayBuffer of the delay to
add<br>

>             static double *delayBuffer; //Delay buffer is 1 second long at
sample rate SAMPLE_RATE<br>

>             static unsigned int bufferCell; //Pointer to the current delay
buffer cell<br>

>  
>         public:

>  
>             //Tick function

>             static void tick(void *output, void *input,int nBufferFrames);

>  
>             //Set and Get functions

>             static void setSingleDelay(double tDry, double tWet, unsigned
int tDelay);

>             static void setSingleDelay(void);

>  
>             static void setDry(double tDry);

>             static void setWet(double tWet);

>             static void setDelay(unsigned int tDelay);

>  
>             static double getDry(){ return dry;}

>             static double getWet(){ return wet;}

>             static unsigned int getDelay(){ return delay;}

>  
>             static void initializeDelayBuffer(){

>                 destroyDelayBuffer();

>  
>                 delayBuffer = new double[bufferLength];

>             }

>             static void destroyDelayBuffer(){

>                 delete[ ] delayBuffer;

>             }

>     };

>  


c++,include,header,linker
19
Programmatic git status

>

> Does anyone know of a git plumbing (definitely not porcelain) means of
determining whether:

>

>     * there are edits in the repo since the last commit, and

>     * whether local HEAD is ahead of origin/HEAD

>

> I am looking to determine this programmatically, hence the desire to not
solve this with porcelain and various sed-fu.


git
10
Storing an NSImage in a Core Data Model

>

> What is the correct way to store an NSImage in a Core Data Model? I have
assumed adding an Attribute to an Entity and giving it the Type "Binary"
should work, but it is not working. I have a table with a column of
NSImageCells and it is not showing anything.


cocoa,core-data,cocoa-bindings,nstableview,nsimage
102
NHibernate One-To-Many with Joined Subclass

>

> Never asked a question here before, I'll try to lay this out as succinctly
as possible.

>

> I've got a Recipe class, that contains lists of three different types of
Ingredient Uses. These classes all inherit from the base, IngredientUse. So
the mapping looks like this:

>  
>     >       <class name="IngredientUse" table="IngredientUses">

>         <id name="Id" type="Int64" column="Id">

>           <generator class="native"/>

>         </id>

>         <!--some other properties-->

>         <property name="RecipeId" column="RecipeId"/>

>         <joined-subclass name="AdditionUse" table="AdditionUses">

>           <key column="Id" foreign-key="FK_AdditionUses_IngredientUses"/>

>           <many-to-one name="AdditionUsed" column="AdditionUsed"
class="Addition" foreign-key="FK_AdditionUses_Additions"/>

>         </joined-subclass>

>       </class>

>  
>

> The one causing problems here is the RecipeId. From the recipe, I have three
separate lists of uses for different ingredient types, defined like so:

>  
>     >     <bag name="AdditionsUsed" cascade="all" lazy="false">

>       <key column="RecipeId"/>

>       <one-to-many class="AdditionUse"/>

>     </bag>

>  
>

> Now, I'm running into problems trying to load these lists. It has something
to do with the inheritance. When I look at the SQL Generated, I see this:

>  
>     >     SELECT additionsused0_.RecipeId as RecipeId1_

>     --other columns not really important

>     FROM AdditionUses additionsused0_

>     inner join IngredientUses additionsused0_1_

>     on additionsused0_.Id=additionsused0_1_.Id

>     WHERE additionsused0_.RecipeId=@p0; @p0 = '11'

>  
>

> Notice that its' looking for the RecipeId in the subclass' table, and not
the base table where the column is actually contained. I know I could just
define a separate table for each ingredient type, but that will cause me
problems because there are some situations (ie pricing) where I don't need the
additional columns in the subclass table, and would like to be able to load
all the ingredients into the same list at once.

>

> I'm certain I must be missing something here, figured someone more familiar
with NHibernate on this site might recognize it right off the bat.

>

> Thanks in advance.

>

> **edit:** in case I wasn't clear about what I'm trying to do, this diagram
might help (excuse my shoddy UML, hope it doesn't muddy the waters). There is
also an Ingredient base class, and the same subtypes off of that.

>

>
![diagram](http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3565/3319584915%5Fac1a3ce005.jpg?v=0)


.net,nhibernate
83
feeding data to C API expecting a filename

>

> I'm writing a straightforward C program on Linux and wish to use an existing
library's API which expects data from a file. I must feed it a file name as a
const char*. But i have data, just like content of a file, already sitting in
a buffer allocated on the heap. There is plenty of RAM and we want high
performance. Wanting to avoid writing a temporary file to disk, what is a good
way to feed the data to this API in a way that looks like a file?

>

> Here's a cheap pretend version of my code:

>

> marvelouslibrary.h:

>  
>     >     int marvelousfunction(const char *filename);

>  
>

> normal-persons-usage.cpp, for which library was originally designed:

>  
>     >     #include "marvelouslibrary.h"

>     int somefunction(char *somefilename)

>     {

>         return marvelousfunction(somefilename);

>     }

>  
>

> myprogram.cpp:

>  
>     >     #include "marvelouslibrary.h"

>     int one_of_my_routines()

>     {

>         byte* stuff = new byte[1000000];

>         // fill stuff[] with...stuff!

>         // stuff[] holds same bytes as might be found in a file

>  
>         /* magic goes here: make filename referring to stuff[] */

>  
>        return marvelousfunction( ??? );

>     }

>  
>

> To be clear, the marvelouslibrary does not offer any API functions that
accept data by pointer; it can only read a file.

>

> I thought of pipes and mkfifo(), but seems meant for communicating between
processes. I am no expert at these things. Does a named pipe work okay read
and written in the same process? Is this a wise approach?

>

> Or skip being clever, go with plan "B" which is to shuddup and just write a
temp file. However, i'd like to learn something new and find out what's
possible in this situation, beside getting high performance.


c,api,posix,named-pipes,mkfifo
58
What Development and Build Lifecycle Tools Do You Use?

>

> I'm working on transitioning my current project of about 20 developers to a
modern development and build environment. We currently use an RCS based source
control system and an associated issue tracking system, both with Motif UIs.
There is no formal production build process, its just whatever works.

>

> I'm interested in:

>

>     * Development Tools

>     * Version Control

>     * Issue Tracking

>     * Dependency Management

>     * Configuration Management

>     * Automated Building

>     * Automated Testing

>     * Continuous Integration

>     * Artifact Management

>     * Release Management

>     * Deployment Management

>     * Requirements Tracing

>     * What else?

>

> I'm interested in not just which tools you use, but how well the integrate
with each other, how easy they are to setup and use, and how both developers
and management likes them. Our project is a combination of Java, C++, and
VHDL, but I'd still like to hear from people with other languages. I'm
currently going down the path of eclipse, subversion, trac, maven, hudson, and
nexus.

>

> Also, is there a better term than "Build Lifecycle" that encompasses not
just building, but the flow of code from when the developer creates it to when
its built, tested, and in a production system? "Build Lifecycle" seems
limited, but "Project Lifecycle" is already taken.


build-process,build-automation
83
What is your favorite C programming trick?

>

> For example, I recently came across this in the linux kernel:

>  
>     >     /* Force a compilation error if condition is true */

>     #define BUILD_BUG_ON(condition) ((void)sizeof(char[1 -
2*!!(condition)]))

>  
>

> So, in your code, if you have some structure which must be, say a multiple
of 8 bytes in size, maybe because of some hardware constraints, you can do:

>  
>     >     BUILD_BUG_ON((sizeof(struct mystruct) % 8) != 0);

>  
>

> and it won't compile unless the size of struct mystruct is a multiple of 8,
and if it is a multiple of 8, no runtime code is generated at all.

>

> Another trick I know is from the book "Graphics Gems" which allows a single
header file to both declare and initialize variables in one module while in
other modules using that module, merely declare them as externs.

>  
>     >     #ifdef DEFINE_MYHEADER_GLOBALS

>     #define GLOBAL

>     #define INIT(x, y) (x) = (y)

>     #else

>     #define GLOBAL extern

>     #define INIT(x, y)

>     #endif

>  
>     GLOBAL int INIT(x, 0);

>     GLOBAL int somefunc(int a, int b);

>  
>

> With that, the code which defines x and somefunc does:

>  
>     >     #define DEFINE_MYHEADER_GLOBALS

>     #include "the_above_header_file.h"

>  
>

> while code that's merely using x and somefunc() does:

>  
>     >     #include "the_above_header_file.h"

>  
>

> So you get one header file that declares both instances of globals and
function prototypes where they are needed, and the corresponding extern
declarations.

>

> So, what are your favorite C programming tricks along those lines?


c,tips-and-tricks
8
Why can '=' not be overloaded in C#?

>

> I was wondering, why can't I overload '=' in C#? Can I get a better
explanation?


c#,operator-overloading
10
Array of an unknown length in C#

>

> I've just started learning C# and in the introduction to arrays they showed
how to establish a variable as an array but is seems that one must specify the
length of the array at assignment, so what if I don't know the length of the
array?


c#,arrays
42
No http handler was found for request type 'POST'

>

> This error comes up when I submit a page to load up a .net chart control. I
have the http handler in my web.config below. FOr whateve reason it doesnt
seem to work.

>  
>     >     <httpHandlers>

>       <remove verb="*" path="*.asmx"/>

>       <add verb="*" path="*.asmx" validate="false"
type="System.Web.Script.Services.ScriptHandlerFactory, System.Web.Extensions,
Version=3.5.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=31BF3856AD364E35"/>

>       <add verb="*" path="*_AppService.axd" validate="false"
type="System.Web.Script.Services.ScriptHandlerFactory, System.Web.Extensions,
Version=3.5.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=31BF3856AD364E35"/>

>       <add verb="GET,HEAD" path="ScriptResource.axd"
type="System.Web.Handlers.ScriptResourceHandler, System.Web.Extensions,
Version=3.5.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=31BF3856AD364E35"
validate="false"/>

>       <add verb="GET" path="FtbWebResource.axd"
type="FreeTextBoxControls.AssemblyResourceHandler, FreeTextBox" />

>       <add path="ChartImg.axd" verb="GET,HEAD,POST"
type="System.Web.UI.DataVisualization.Charting.ChartHttpHandler,
System.Web.DataVisualization, Version=3.5.0.0, Culture=neutral,
PublicKeyToken=31bf3856ad364e35" validate="false" />

>     </httpHandlers>

>  
>

> Any ideas why this error would come up? Im stumped on this one.


.net,http,post,handler
59
Vanishing Ruby Gems

>

> I'm using Ubuntu 8.10 and I installed Ruby and Ruby on Rails following the
directions on [this](http://wiki.rubyonrails.org/getting-
started/installation/linux) site. The exact directions I followed are no
longer there as it appears the rubyonrails.org wiki has changed recently. But
I installed it the long way. Installed Ruby, then Gems, then installed Rails
using "gem install rails". I haven't really messed with Rails for a while, and
I tried to use the Gem command today and...

>  
>     >        The program 'gem' can be found in the following packages:

>         * rubygems1.8

>         * rubygems1.9

>        Try: sudo apt-get install <selected package>

>        bash: gem: command not found

>  
>

> That's just weird to me because I installed rails using the gem command. I
have been seaching my computer for the gems binary so I could create a link to
it in the bin directory but I can't find it. I know it's installed becaues
when I run 'script/server' and go to localhost:3000 in a browser I get the
following version information:

>  
>     >     Ruby version    1.8.7 (i486-linux)

>     RubyGems version    1.3.1

>     Rails version   2.2.2

>     Active Record version   2.2.2

>     Action Pack version 2.2.2

>     Active Resource version 2.2.2

>     Action Mailer version   2.2.2

>     Active Support version  2.2.2

>  
>

> Anyone know how I can get my gem command working again? Thanks for any help.

>

> Note: I am new to Rails and fairly new to Ubuntu and Linux in general.


ruby-on-rails,ruby,ubuntu,rubygems
18
iPhone Navigation Bar Title text color

>

> It seems the iOS Navigation Bar title color is white by default. Is there a
way to change it to a different color?

>

> I am aware of the `navigationItem.titleView` approach using an image. Since
my design skills are limited and I failed to get the standard glossy, I prefer
changing the text color.

>

> Any insight would be much appreciated.


ios,iphone,uinavigationbar